(143246, 'Heroes come in all shapes and sizes. This assortment of 11 different shadow puppets boasts three caped super heroes, a detective and the curiosities they may be called upon to investigate. Whether it\'s Godzilla wreaking havoc on the city, a T-Rex escaped from Jurassic Park, or a ghost hiding in the attic, there are plenty of stories to be told! While creating special moments at bedtime or on a rainy afternoon, these puppets help develop your child\'s growing imagination. They are intended for tots aged 3 to 12.Dim the lights and let the show begin! Moulin Roty\'s "Les Ombres," or "The Shadows," collection features an assortment of handheld shadow puppets that will play on your little one\'s bedroom wall while being brought to life by the stories you create for them. The collection includes five different sets of sturdy cutout images on wooden sticks: a Parisian night, a medieval castle, dinosaurs, heroes and a circus! A pocket guide to "shadowgraphy" will teach both you and your child how to shape your hands into 7 different animals or use the shadow flashlight for instant fun! With all this action, the collection also features a backdrop theatre curtain that can be used to take any blank wall from ordinary to extraordinary.')
(206049, 'Kids will be swept into the enchanted world of Disney Junior&rsquo;s Sofia the First with the beautiful Sofia the First Magic Dancing Princess Sofia Doll. The doll magically interacts with her light-up wand. Kids will love dancing along with Sofia as they learn how to perform specific dance moves such as twirling, spinning in circles and figure eights. Sofia first teaches each graceful move, then the child and Sofia can practice sequences together, until they&rsquo;re ready for a full performance as a grand finale! Sofia is dressed in her iconic tiara, amulet and ball gown. Her dress magically lights up as she dances, sings, talks and plays music. Everyone will be ready for the royal ball with Magic Dancing Princess Sofia.')
(165415, ' You are looking for a perfect gift for your little ones? Your kids love to build forts out of blanket and cushions? Your children love a private place to call their own (reading, drawing, playing with toys )? You enjoy storytelling time with your babies in a quiet and cozy place? FiveJoy Teepee is here for you :  - Made of 100% cotton: soft, absorbent and breathable  - Vibrant color, adorable design: kids can create an imaginative world all their own inside this special place made just for them.  - Easy to assemble and disassemble Everyone needs a little space just for themselves.  Even kids . Let kids build their own in FiveJoy Teepee!')
(205608, "Our brand has been in the making of this set for a while to make the BEST of the BEST set just for you! We have created a set that will last years, will be loved for long and is always fun and educational to play with - with a budget friendly price point! This set appeals to younger & older, Encourages creativity, will last you, is great for schools and for homes, is easily accessible, and the best part is - it brings family and friends together! This set encourages sharing, play, and develops fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination. It allows your creativity and imagination to explore.    ZEBRA is a large species of equine that is natively found roaming the grassy plains of sub-Saharan Africa. They are the largest and most distinctive wild horses with bodies that are patterned with white and black stripes. They have hairy skin. Zebras are heavy bodied animals that are perfectly designed for speed with their long and slender legs and narrow hooves helping them to reach speeds of 40kph when running. Their black and white stripes are unique to each individual and help them to identify each other when in the herd. The Zebra only eats plant-matter in order to gain the nutrition. The majority of the Zebra's diet is comprised of a wide variety of different grasses with other plant matter including leaves and buds making up the rest. They use their sharp front teeth to nibble on the tough ends of grasses before grinding them up using the flat molars along it's cheeks. They live 20-30 years. GIRAFFE is a long-necked, hoofed mammal that is found grazing in the open woodlands of sub-Saharan Africa. The Giraffe has an enormously long neck which allows it to exploit the leaves and vegetation that are too high up for other animals to find. They eat mostly leaves, fruits, seeds. During the hot midday sun, Giraffes rest in more shaded regions where they regurgitate their food known as cud. They live up to 20-25 years.")

(184192, 'FOR WANNABE PRINCESSES Have a little girl who dreams of becoming a princess when she grows up, or adores hearts, kisses, and expressions of love? These Love Heart Bracelets by Dazzling Toys are perfect for her. She can adorn her wrists with red and pink snap straps, the red with the word love written across the hearts, with a yellow heart in place of the O and the pink with white geometric inlays inside the heart. AN INTERACTIVE ACCESSORY These bracelets do more than simply sit on your wrist. Each features a button in the center of the heart that, when pressed, flashes multi-colored blinking LED lights. Light up the darkness wherever you roam! The interactive feature of this bracelet could not be easier to use! The non-replaceable batteries are already included and installed, so no need for messy assembly! Small and portable, at 9 x 7 x 1 inches and 6.4 ounces each, it wears lightweight and comfortable on the wrist. PRODUCT FEATURES: - Dimensions: 9 x 7 x 1 inches - Hearts Measure 1.5 inches - 12 Pack: 6 Red Love Bracelets, 6 Pink Heart Bracelets - Plastic Material - Multi-colored Blinking LED lights - Non-replaceable Batteries GREAT FOR ANY OCCASION Give these strap bracelets out as party favors to guests at your celebration. Or, use them as dress up accessories for costumes. Their bright, vibrant colors and flashing lights are sure to stand out anywhere and be noticed. Their optimistic message is sure to lighten the mood and make others happy. THE PERFECT VALENTINES PRESENT Want to show a special someone in your life that you care? What better way to express your love and admiration than with these heart-themed bracelets, the red ones with the word love written across their hearts, and the pink ones with white geometric inlays inside the hearts.', ['for her.'], 1)

(44558, 'Inspired by a vintage aesthetic, these U.S. Regulation Playing Cards in plaid are offered in a Casual California Blue. They\'re the perfect accompaniment for everyday use, but also feature posh details and amusing activities never before paired with a deck of cards.\n\nFrom the natural color palette, leatherette box, off-white faces, and illustrated joker of the majestic Buck to the crossword puzzles and definitive recipe for the world\'s oldest known cocktail, the Sazerac, it\'s no doubt these cards were designed for men and are among the finest ever produced.\n\n"For us, these cards bring back fond memories of childhood camping trips with our grandfather. Watching him pitch a tent, reel in a fish, and bring fire ablaze under a starry night were magical moments we never forgot. In honor of those days by the river and nights under the stars, we are proud to offer these new playing cards."\n\nPrinted by the US Playing Card Company on a premium stock with a cambric finish. Packaged in a custom 12-pack carton available only for orders of a dozen or more.')
(113848, 'A NEW generation of Kalos Region Pokemon toys have arrived. Find your favorite Pokemon whether its Pikachu, Chespin, Fennekin, Froakie, Meowstic (male), Goomy, or Hawlucha! These soft plush figures are 8" tall and ready for you to take them with you wherever you go. Gotta Catch \'Em All!')

(180234, 'Try these party game ideas for your Hello Little One Blue and Silver Boy Baby Shower: SIMPLE: Hand a scratch off game card to guests as they arrive. QUICK: Set a scratch off game card at each spot at the tables so guests can play as they enjoy the meal. FAVORITE: Hand out individual scratch off cards as mini prizes during longer games, such as gift bingo. Have everyone scratch at the same time and the winners get a grand prize.', ['Boy '], -1)

(70095, "24'' Under the Sea Starfish swim ring with a transparent printed top and a solid color bottom. Great for kids who are not as strong swimmers to help keep them afloat. Kids find this tube exciting with its fun colors and great shape.")
(142320, 'Designed in a beautiful purple color with a vibrant summer dress and hat theme this diary is well constructed and has a lock and key mechanism. Give your young ones the ability to put their limitless imagination and their little secrets into words with this wonderful diary. Allow for them to earn their first bit of independence and feel mature and trusted with this secret diary that locks.Makes for the perfect gift on any occasion; school, birthday, christmas, any holiday, or just because your little one is sure to love this set.')
(96383, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : SAO/S26-010 Card Text : CONT During your turn this card gets +500 power for each of your other REST characters. AUTO Encore [Put the top card of your deck into your clock] (When this card is put into your waiting room from the stage you may pay the cost. If you do return this card to its previous stage position as REST.) Color : Yellow Cost : 1 Level : 1 Power : 6000 Rarity : U Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Avatar - Weapon Trigger : 0 Type : Character')
(148638, 'This listing if for a 32 piece set of SOLID METAL CHESS MEN with board. Don\'t let the height fool you on these men. They are large "heavy" men with a lot of girth. - Foam storage as shown included. - King: 3 1/2" - 10 ounces - King Shoulder Width: 1 3/4" - Queen: 3 1/4" - 9 ounces - Bishop: 3 1/8" - Knight: 3 1/16" - Rook: 2 15/16" - Pawn: 2 7/8" - Base Diameter - 1 3/8" - Total Piece Weight: - "HEAVY" - 14.5 Pounds Without Package Weights may vary slightly from set to set. Board: 18" x 18" x 1" Thick - Playing surface: 15.75" x 15.75" - Playing squares: 1 31/32" - Board features beautiful artificial cherry and burlwood color laminate over mdf wood core. Bottom of board is completely felted.')

(202316, "Lightning Deals  Amtinyjoy:     Amtinyjoy is a brand of amgaogen,she offers consumer indoor and outdoor games toys joys ,such as Play tents,Toy building blocks,Toy furniture,Sand toys,Pet toys etc.   We are passionate about excellence, so for every amtinyjoy purchasing, you can expect to get qualified products with really good price and amazing after service!    Product Description:   This is a kind of tent give a Toddler's Paradise-Beautifully Special Place to Enjoy For Little Princess Children,it's safe!    1.Open Size 47''43.3''(Bottom) 35''H,   Big Space roomy enough for your little princess to play inside the tent. The Toy Tent with larger room is ideal for elder children play also, at the same time we offer a great blue prince tent for Boys .   2. Removable Roof and Mesh windows  The Velcro connection, easy to use, the curtain can be rolled up and strapping .  3. Convenient carry case for storage  Tent's Weight Only 1.6 lb Fold Up Size 14.5''L14.5''W (Circle Shape).  Lightweight and portable to take the play tent anywhere in compact storage case   4. Easy clean durable polyester tent fabric  Made of durable water resistant polyester tent fabric, the side of the tent has high density gauze,permeability is good, double stitching, sturdy and durable.    5. How to fold tent back into carry bag  a:Tent Equipped with portable bag, beautiful and easy, convenient to carry, easy to collect. Very easy to set up. No tools necessary.  b:Please close kids tent first, and make roof downward to the ground, and in 45 angle between roof and ground.   c:When you grasp the tent's two sides, please push downward, and at the same time, make tent's two sides squeeze to the middle.  d:Please make one side up and the other side down, and with this posture,you can push the tent downside, and it will close automatically.", ['for your little princess '], 1)

(84078, 'ROCKET LAUNCHER SET WITH FOOT PUMP TRIGGER !  Bring on the Rocket popping excitement! Enjoy immense hours of rocket blasting fun with the awesome foam rocket  launching kit set. Simply jump onto the foot pump for high flying rocket action. An absolute bundle of joy at kids  parties and special events. Load em up and Fire Away!   ABOUT THE PRODUCT :   PARTY THEME : Works perfectly as a cool and unique table top dcor for kids special occasions.    POCKET SIZED FUN : Enjoy immense hours of laughter and fun virtually anywhere of your choice.   REWARDS : Perfect for rewarding your children for a domestic task or an academic achievement.   HOLIDAY FAVORITES : Perfect for the holidays the exciting stuffer will bring nothing but smiles.   PARTY FAVORITE : No holds bars fun with the novelty toy, perfect for the BBQs, Party, Camping.   GIFT SURPRISE : An exciting birthday or holiday present for a little boy of girls enjoyment.   FAMILY EXCITMENT  Everyone can get in on the awesomely fun pinball maze mini game.   INEXPENSIVE : A cost effective product offering unmatched quality at an affordable price.   SPECIFICATIONS : Ages 3 and up!    INCLUDES : Launcher with 2 Customizable Foam Rockets', ['for a little boy of girls '], 0)

(133017, 'This adorable super soft plush baby stuffed animal rattle ring comforter has been developed based on our best selling soft toy design. Made from super soft plush material this lovely little rattle is perfect for baby. With an adorable little donkey head - with stitched embroidered detailing ands a soft pastel pink mane. The rattle handle is round in shape making it easy for baby to hold and is pastel pink and white in colour. Shake the donkey to hear the rattle. This design also available with matching nursery soft toy and also a lovely blanket comforter - or as a set of three matching items in a gift bag. A really lovely gift for any new born baby. All items also available in blue for baby boy. Dimensions: L: 140 x W:90 x D:20 mm', [], 1)

(164469, ' SHE WEARS A BEAUTIFUL ONE PIECE SATINY DRESS, colored in a pretty shade of pale pink with a glamorous ruffled hood, like an old fashion bonnet. Small babies and toddlers deserve precious cuddly baby dolls of their own that are soft, beautiful and huggable. This little-baby doll would be a glorious selection for a toddlers initial doll, as a result of it\'s softly stuffed, very light-weight, and machine washable materials. She has safe, embroidered features with lovely blue eyes and a wonderful smile. Her outfit is decorated with eyelet lace and a small pink satin bow. This toy offers heaps of creative play potential at an inexpensive and affordable price. Loyal friend in soft and silky satin with embroidered facial features. A sweet first doll for the littlest princess! Whimsical Sweetie is an adorable 14" first friend, dressed in soft pink clothing with embroidered facial features and silky satin accents. It\'s perfect for little ones as there are no buttons or other objects that can fall off and risk a choking hazard. Great for an toddler who likes to stick everything in her mouth. Gift our doll with confidence, knowing that this soft, huggable doll has no plastic, no small parts. A mommy\'s favorite. It is extremely soft with no plastic or anything hard that might hurt a baby. Messes happen. Our products are designed to be loved and played with for years to come. Please feel free to give your child\'s favorite doll a bath (or even a ride in the washing machine inside a pillowcase, See instructions on hang tag for more details). Click "Add to Cart" now and start your child on a happy nurturing adventure! Please Note:  Unexpected increases in demand caused by media publicity or affiliate sales can make it difficult to keep our Dolls in stock. When you see "In Stock" above, we strongly recommend placing your order while quantities last. Thank you for choosing our LKE Doll collection!', ['for the littlest princess!'], 1)

(39325, 'UrTown\'s new product release is an innovative new way of "Having Fun in UrTown". These large 48"x 32" playmats are durable highly detailed play worlds, ready for children to play on them. Each high resolution playmat has beautifully enhanced colors, titled landmarks, popular street names and includes a variety of die-cast 2 vehicles or planes, plus 14 fun signs. These playmat enhancements bring real-world experiences into a new yet common playground for parents and children to grow together.')

(139958, "Do you have a little girl who is overwhelmed with imagination? Then have her write down her emotions and daze off into her world of imagination by writing in this special Fairy diary. This secret diary is especially designed for secret journeys to Neverland. There's no better way to show a little fairy princess how much you love her by giving them this trinket box. Watch as her eyes sparkle in excitement as she opens the lid.This trinket box truly is a special box for any little princess to keep all her most prized possessions.", ['a little girl '], 1)

(165993, 'Material: Wood, 100% safe and durable. Package Size: 8.6 inch*7.6 inch*3.1 inch.  Alphabet with 6 different bright colors and 26 kinds of animals to make it interesting. Perfect educational materials for preschool, elementary, kindergarten!  Fun, safe, brain-stimulating alphabet puzzle set, a gift for your little baby to learn ABC. It helps the kids to practice letter recognition and matching skills, develop great imagination, and will improve their intellectual abilities.  Great introduction for colors, letters, or even animals, it helps to develop finger motor skills. With this functional learning tool, you can DIY more words for your baby to learn or let your baby do it by themselves.   Please note that the letter puzzle set has small size, especially designed for toddlers who are learning alphabet, easy for them to grasp, so it would be a little smaller than you expected them to be. So they should play and practice under supervision. Please understand.   After-sales: We guarantee to refund your money if youre not delighted with your purchase. Your satisfaction is our ultimate goal. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any queries.   ')
(214012, 'Protector of the castle and pretty wings to fly wherever you want her to go, this gargoyle will be your loyal friend! Your new cuddly soft 16? gargoyle will be the envy of your friends! Enjoy unparalleled softness and hugability with Embroidered eyes, stuffed mouth, snaggle tooth, cute pink fluffy tail, thick plush fur, and wings. Our animals come with a reseal-able pouch on their back, allowing for access to the stuffing so you can adjust the firmness level of your furry friend. This pouch is also a great place for special treasures and is commonly used for: recordable and other sound modules, wishes, goals, family heirlooms, photos, ashes of a loved one or loved pet, money, essential oils, ultra sound recordings, heartbeat vibration modules, recorded greetings, and anything else your imagination can allow. Lovingly stuffed by caring hands in the United States. Made with high quality, durable, super soft fabrics, to ensure your stuffed animal will be huggable for years to come. Makes a great gift for Christmas, birthdays, graduation, anniversaries, life events, fundraiser, hobby, students, Valentine?s Day, Mother?s Day, gift for him, gift for her, fianc?, baby shower, weddings, dating gift, daycare provider, service men & women, and children?s activities. Customize your stuffed animal with clothing and accessories. Your new furry friend is compatible with 14?-18? Build-a-Bear, Avon, Bearfoots, Bearington, Boyds, Brass Button, Care Bears, Chantilly Lane, Cherished Teddies, Dayton Hudson, Deans, Ganz, Hallmark, Harrods, Merrythought, NABCO, Paddington, Raikes, Russ, Vermont Teddy Bears, and more!')
(207560, 'Sonny Angel reached 12th anniversary in 2016! And he finally sits down! This series features the top 12 figures from the Sonny Angel Popularity Poll held in 2015! Altogether their T shirts spell out "JOYFUL DAYS 12TH ANNIVERSARY 2016". Each sitting Sonny Angel figure also comes with a cute little chair for him to sit on! Series total of 12 different figures + 1 Secret figure + 1 11th Anniversary Robby figure. However, chance of getting the secret figure/s is only 1/144. LIMITED EDITION')
(207561, 'This jolly and snuggly hippo is so soft and loveable, you will wonder how you ever lived without them! Your new recordable 16? hippo will be the envy of your friends! Enjoy unparalleled softness and hugability with embroidered smile & nose, thick plush fur, button eyes, velvety soft floppy ears, light pink felt toenails and light pink paw pads. Our animals come with a reseal-able pouch on their back, allowing for access to the stuffing and sound module so you can adjust the firmness level of your furry friend. Record your message on a sound module up to 20 seconds. Batteries are replaceable without losing your message. This pouch is also a great place for special treasures and is commonly used for: recordable and other sound modules, wishes, goals, family heirlooms, photos, ashes of a loved one or loved pet, money, essential oils, ultra sound recordings, heartbeat vibration modules, recorded greetings, and anything else your imagination can allow. Lovingly stuffed by caring hands in the United States. Made with high quality, durable, super soft fabrics, to ensure your stuffed animal will be huggable for years to come. Makes a great gift for Christmas, birthdays, graduation, anniversaries, life events, fundraiser, hobby, students, Valentine?s Day, Mother?s Day, gift for him, gift for her, fianc?, baby shower, weddings, dating gift, daycare provider, service men & women, and children?s activities. Customize your stuffed animal with clothing and accessories. Your new furry friend is compatible with 14?-18? Build-a-Bear, Stuffems Toy Shop, Avon, Bearfoots, Bearington, Boyds, Brass Button, Care Bears, Chantilly Lane, Cherished Teddies, CloudPets, Dayton Hudson, Deans, Ganz, Hallmark, Harrods, Merrythought, NABCO, Paddington, Raikes, Russ, Vermont Teddy Bears, and more!')
(88046, "Doc McStuffins - a doctor for stuffed animals and toys can bring them to life, talk to them and heal them. Bright Eye's Doc - Doc looks so cute in her new Eye Doctor removable fashion. Poor Lambie is having some blurred vision and Doc can now give Lambie an eye exam with her new furniture and using her new equipment. Lambie looks through the eye retractor and reads the eye chart. Doc realizes Lambie needs some new glasses and shows her how to use the eye drops.")
(178449, 'Charlie is sad, like most of the time. He doesn\'t understand the world anymore, although he did everything right this time. But once again, he is the loser. As always. Poor, poor Charlie Brown. Lucy is annoyed, she has just explained Charlie for the umpteenth time why things always go wrong for him. But he just does not understand. "He can\'t be helped!".')
(1552, "Is it more fun for Baby to interact with his first books, or for you to watch him interact? This darling book, Animal Dance, comes to life in the LittleTouch LeapPad by LeapFrog. As Bear takes the stage your child will flap her arms along with her, learning rhythm, practicing motor skills and discovering the importance of having self-confidence. Includes over 120 fun activities. Book features tear-resistant pages, holding up to Baby's love of repetition. Includes interactive book, activity card and cartridge. Works with the LittleTouch LeapPad. Imported. Join in the wiggles and giggles as each animal performs a special dance move designed to help baby develop motor skills and rhythm. Just place the book on the LittleTouch LeapPad player, pop in the cartridge, and use finger touch on any page to bring learning to life. What it Teaches: * 120 Learning Activities * Rhythms * Motor Skills * Confidence * Creativity * Counting * Shapes * Colors * Animals")
(6570, 'Fit for a princess, the Dream Tent is pink and purple and adorned with beautiful flowers at the top. The Alex Dream Tent is 90 long and 24 in diameter. It is pink and purple tulle that comes with a bounty of flowers, garland and ribbons that the child uses to decorate and create their own beautiful play tent. The enchanting tent is perfect as a bed canopy or can be hung from a hook or tree limb to create a great tent for fantasy play. Ribbons tie back the doorway.')
(207517, "A Diamond Select Toys release! Quick, to the Bat-poles! Okay, so you haven't installed those Bat-poles yet, but if you keep your spare change in this vinyl bank, you'll save up for them in no time! Based on the bust of Shakespeare that unlocked the moving bookcase in the Batman Classic TV Series, this life-size vinyl bank features a working neck hinge, so you can tilt the head back to reveal a dial and button, as well as a real, working coin slot! With a coin access door hidden in the base, no one will suspect that this realistically painted bust is secretly a bank, or that you're secretly Batman. Packaged in a full-color box. Sculpted by Paul Harding!.")
(90339, 'Disney Frozen Slap Bands Bracelet Set of 2.\nSET INCLUDES: 1 PINK SLAP BAND WITH ELSA & ANNA PICTURED ON THE BRACELET AND 1 BLUE SLAP BAND WITH OLAF & SNOWFLAKES PICTURED ON THE BRACELET.\nONE SIZE FITS ALL. OFFICIAL LICENSED FROZEN PRODUCT FROM DISNEY.\nGREAT FOR DRESS UP OR JUST TO WEAR FOR EVERYDAY USE.\nA MUST HAVE FOR ALL FROZEN FANS AND MAKES A GREAT STOCKING STUFFER FOR YOUR LITTLE FROZEN PRINCESS AT HOME.')

(33238, "Between walking and taking the training wheels off his or her first bike, there are a lot of steps and the Little Tikes Learn to Pedal 3-in-1 Trike is ready for most of them. This 3-in-1 trike grows with your toddler, starting as a parent-powered ride-along toy, then transitioning to a push-trike, then turning into an independent-pedal trike. A big seat with a five-point harness keeps your child safely seated while the large, rubber-covered tires grab the ground as he or she cruises quietly along. The removable handle keeps you in control until you're ready to let your precious one out on his or her own. Dimensions: 19.5L x 45W x 39H in.. 3 stages to grow with child: parent push trike, parent guided trike, and kid powered trike. Recommended for children ages 18 months to 3 years. Durable and quiet-ride tires. Constructed of metal and plastic. Seat adjusts to 4 positions. 5-point seatbelt harness and protective safety belt. This Sporty 3-in-1 trike was designed with the parent and child in mind to increase comfort, convenience and ease of use.", ['his or her '], 0)
(146305, 'BOY SCOUTS OUTFIT FOR 18 inch DOLLS BOY DOLLS. LITTLE BOYS ENJOY PLAYING WITH THEIR SISTERS. BRITTANYS OFFERS THE BIGGEST VARIETY OF BOY DOLL CLOTHING WE ASO HAVE A BLUE CUB SCOUT UNIFORM , TENT, LANTERN SET! SHOP WITH CONFIDENCE AS ALL OUR ITEMS ARE TESTED FOR LEAD AND PASS US TOY SAFETY GUIDELINES', ['LITTLE BOYS '], -1)
(187767, 'This version of Mystery Surprise Eggs for Boys: (7 Items) is the most loaded ever! ..Packed full of highly collectible brand name items! . .Get them while supplies last.', ['for Boys:'], -1)

(135487, 'Tenergy T453 6-Port LiPo Battery Charger  is the smart choice to save you time on charging your 3.7V RC batteries. Charge up to 6 at a time, rather than waiting for them to charge one by one. It\'s the perfect charger for RC drone flyers who have multiple RC drone or multi batteries.     6-Port LiPo Battery Charger  Save time by charging 6 batteries at the same time     Compatible with JST and Losi Battery Connectors.  Works with most 1S batteries Micro RC Drone, Helicopter & Airplane.     Individual LED Charging Status Indicator  Shows each battery\'s status and tells you what is ready to use immediately.     Specifications:  Input: DC 5V  Output: 500mA Per Channel (Max)  Built-in Charging Port: 4 x Losi, 2 x JST  Over-Charge Protection: Yes  Short Circuit Protection: Yes  Supported Battery Chemistry: LiPo (lithium polymer)  Dimensions: 50 x 35 x 13mm / 1.97" x 1.38" x 0.51"  Weight: 0.46oz / 13g     Compatible with these popular Quads (but not limited to!):  Syma: X5, X5C, X5SC, X5SW, X5HC, X5HW, X9, X11, X11C  UDI: U816, U816A, U818A, U830  Hubsan: H107, H107L, H107C, H107D  Wltoys: V202, V252, V929, V949, V959  JX: T04, T05, F28, F29  TDR: Spider  Any other RC 3.7V 1S LiPo battery with JST or Losi connector     Package Includes:  1 x T453Charger  1 x USB Charging Cable  2 x JST-to- Losi Converting Cable  4 x Losi-to- JST Converting Cable  1 x User Manual')
(84748, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : PD/S22-E088  Color : Blue Cost : 1 Level : 2 Power : 8000 Rarity : U Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Music Trigger : Soul Type : Character')

(173459, 'Sleeping Bags for Boys - Ninja Turtle Slumber Bag (45 Degrees Fahrenheit) and Pillow - 2 Piece Set', ['for Boys '], -1)

(192214, "Boy Scouts of America bug microscope- observe, examine, and learn about bugs, insects, creepy Crawlers and more! kids galaxy bug microscope introduces children to science experiments and educational toys full of fun and excitement! tons of creepy Crawlers all over the world are waiting to be observed. With the toy bug microscope, you can now collect and look at insects and small creatures safely and effortlessly, just like scientists! kids learn about and study the world around them through experiment and kids galaxy bug microscope lets them do just that. Find out what they're made of, how many eyes and legs they have, what their wings look like, and answer many more questions! each bug under the scope is a new adventure and opportunity for kids to learn about the world they live in and prepare them for future education and learning. Watch your kids run out and explore nature with the bug microscope. Boy Scouts of America licensed bug microscope! this 100+ year old organization has over 2.5 million youth currently participating and there are 31 million active members in all but 5 countries around the world. Boy Scouts of America offers wholesome programs that teach morals, character, and teamwork. Related programs focus on personal safety, anti-bullying awareness, and offer merit badges for completing various courses in outdoor safety training. Wilderness explorers is a licensed BSA brand.")
(101655, 'This USA 48 piece floor puzzle is a great educational toy for kids that helps them learn interesting facts about all 50 states on what every state is known for in very graphic detail')
(42415, " Disney Princess Rapunzel Tea Pot  It's time for tea like a princess! Enjoy a nice cup of tea with your Rapunzel Tea set! This tea set comes complete with tea settings for 4 people so you and all your friends can have a tea party just like a Disney Princess! The set comes with 4 tea cups, 4 spoons, tea pot and lid, 4 plates, sugar bowl and lid, and a creamer totaling a 17 piece set! Product Features Enjoy a nice cup of tea with your Rapunzel Tea set! This tea set comes complete with tea settings for 4 people so you and all your friends can have a tea party just like a Disney Princess! The set comes with 4 tea cups, 4 spoons, tea pot and lid 4 plates, sugar bowl and lid, and a creamer totaling a 17 piece set! Recommended Ages: 3-6 years Product Measures: 8 x 7 x 9 inches It's time for tea like a princess. Enjoy a nice cup of tea with your Rapunzel Tea set. This tea set comes complete with tea settings for 4 people so you and all your friends can have a tea party just like a Disney Princess. The set comes with 4 tea cups, 4 spoons, tea pot and lid, 4 plates, sugar bowl and lid and a creamer totaling a 17 piece set.")
(207012, 'Bundle includes Hostage Negotiator abductor packs #1-4. You will face off with the head of a mega corporation who has just seen his empire crumble and been asked by the Board of Directors to step down. Now he has taken the board members hostage and will not release them until he gets what he wants. This Abductor Pack includes a new Abductor, new Terror Cards (including Abductor Specific Terror Cards), and a new type of Conversation Card called Internal Influence. The Internal Influence cards represent that you have a secret way of communicating with one of the Hostages! But dont let the Abductor find out or you will lose access to the cards! In Abductor Pack 2, you will face off with not one, but TWO Abductors! The Pedersen Twins are trapped in a Port Authority office after a rival tipped off the Feds to one of their smuggling operations. But they have Hostages and dont plan to go quietly In Abductor Pack 3, a member of your own police force has taken hostages. He claims hes being framed for the recent murder of the Chief and youre the only one who believes him. Some of the hostages are starting to sympathize with him, making your job more difficult. Everything is riding on your shoulders. In this exciting new abductor pack you will have to deal with hostages who get Stockholm Syndrome, which means they identify with the hostage taker. Saving those that want to be saved is hard enough! Will you be up to this new challenge? In Abductor Pack 4, the abductor has hijacked a bus full of people and is making a run for the border. Youll be forced to employ tactics youve never used before and deal with the challenges of negotiating in different locations. Are you up to the challenge? Innocent lives are depending on you.')

(77896, 'Your child will be ready for a trip to the space station when the wear this Deluxe White NASA Junior Suit Boys Costume. The costume includes a white NASA jumpsuit with a coordinating cap. If your child has an imagination that is out of this world they will truly enjoy this Astronaut Costume for Halloween or play fun. They will love dressing up as a intergalactic space traveler and going on missions in outer space.', ['Boys '], -1)
(143751, 'ilovebaby is dedicated only to serve the little ones and also their parents with the most functional and valuable products each and every time. This time we are here with a completely new product and thats a baby girl head bands which will not only make your little princess look good but will also assure you with functionality and great value. \n  \n  We have made this one of a kind very cute product for your baby girl. It is made with a lot of care as we know it is for your little princess. It is extremely easy to fit and very comfortable to use as well. It is very soft and is made with one thing in mind and that is quality. It is skin friendly it is equipped with an elastic band for easy fit as well. This elastic also helps it to stay in place. It is perfectly suitable for babies starting from 0 to 3 year. \n  \n  We have given this product great value by providing 9 identical yet different colored headbands in 1 pack. The colors are different in each and with a color matched hair bow with each one of them. The dimension of the headband is 14 inches and the bow is 4.7inches and 3.5 inches length and width respectively. \n  \n  We as brand and a reputed manufacturer strive to provide you with the most value for your hard earned money and we assure you a quality product each and every time. And this time too, it is not an exception. \n  \n', ['for your baby girl.'], 1)

(208516, 'Take a walk on the wild side with this crazy cute blue dog! Your new cuddly soft 16? blue dog will be the envy of your friends! Enjoy unparalleled softness and hugability with black button eyes,blue fabric nose, blue embroidered mouth and red tongue, blue floppy years, blue leopard-like spots, blue circle spots, blue tail. Our animals come with a reseal-able pouch on their back, allowing for access to the stuffing so you can adjust the firmness level of your furry friend. This pouch is also a great place for special treasures and is commonly used for: recordable and other sound modules, wishes, goals, family heirlooms, photos, ashes of a loved one or loved pet, money, essential oils, ultra sound recordings, heartbeat vibration modules, recorded greetings, and anything else your imagination can allow. Lovingly stuffed by caring hands in the United States. Made with high quality, durable, super soft fabrics, to ensure your stuffed animal will be huggable for years to come. Makes a great gift for Christmas, birthdays, graduation, anniversaries, life events, fundraiser, hobby, students, Valentine?s Day, Mother?s Day, gift for him, gift for her, fianc?, baby shower, weddings, dating gift, daycare provider, service men & women, and children?s activities. Customize your stuffed animal with clothing and accessories. Your new furry friend is compatible with 14?-18? Build-a-Bear, Avon, Bearfoots, Bearington, Boyds, Brass Button, Care Bears, Chantilly Lane, Cherished Teddies, Dayton Hudson, Deans, Ganz, Hallmark, Harrods, Merrythought, NABCO, Paddington, Raikes, Russ, Vermont Teddy Bears, and more!', ['gift for him, gift for her,'], 0)

(134947, 'Treat your little Princess to this Set for 8 guests. Princess and the Frog party set featuring Princess Tiana includes - 8 Plates and 16 Luncheon Napkins. Save precious time and money, while having a memorable party for your little Princess!', ['for your little Princess!'], 1)
(144453, 'This soft toy is crocheted of acrylic threads and has synthetic filling. Eyes and nose of the gray mouse are made of plastic beads. This small homemade toy will be a wonderful gift for your little son who loves cheese as much as this mouse. You may order this product in any other colors you like. Dimension: Length: 2.76 inches (7cm) Width: 1.18 inches (3cm) Height: 1.18 inch (3cm) Weight: 0.02 lb (0.01kg)', ['for your little son '], -1)

(99805, 'Be the belle of the ball with a pink glitter star tiara. This tiara has a large rhinestone star in the center which glitters nicely under the light for just the right amount of bling. Perfect for any princess costume or party favor. One size Fits Most. 3 1/4" Tall. Sold by the each')
(193528, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : LH/SE20-PE04 Color : Blue Power : 2000 Rarity : PR Side : S')

(101710, '16CT Pencils Spiderman Kids Classroom Valentine Exchange Cards that contains Each Box contains: 16 cards & 16 pencils with designed for boys.', ['for boys.'], -1)

(25003, 'Our new full body, performance quality, ventriloquist doll style puppets feature an incredibly easy moving mouth. They also come with a metal arm control rod. For those who have no idea what that means (dont worry, alot of people ask!) the rod is a thin metal "wand" that simply clips to either hand for movement. This is how Muppet and Sesame Street type puppets are operated. Simply insert your hand into the slot in the puppet\'s back to operate the mouth. By opening and closing your hand the puppet\'s mouth will move.  Bodies are poly-fill stuffed and soft making them light-weight. They weigh in at about 1 pound. These puppets are very durable and are made to last a lifetime.   The puppet comes completely dressed as shown (clothing may vary slightly due to fabric availability). Clothes are removable and this puppet wears child size 18 months.   Our new 25" puppets are highly recommended for both beginners and experienced puppeteers. Their mouths are so easy to move and wont hurt your hand making them perfect for puppet ministry, school performances, talent shows, drama, theater, therapy, good clean fun at home, and more! Give them a try and we promise you wont be disappointed!  Recommended for ages 5 and up. Children under this age would enjoy having an adult or older child operate it and put on the show for them.')
(178866, "Note all your artistic impressions and novel experiences in this compact stationery set with Rapunzel illustrations. Comes with notebook, planner, sticky notes, and pen, all in a tri-fold cover with magnetic closure. Magic in the details... Tri-fold cover with Rapunzel graphics Magnetic cover closure Golden foil accents Purple ink gel pen with floral filigree Two sticky note pads with full color graphics Characters include Rapunzel and Pascal Removable spiral daily planner Removable spiral notebook Pockets in cover hold notebooks in place Elastic loop for pen Part of our Disney Princess Back to School Collection The bare necessities Paper / plastic / ink / metal Cover 6 1/4'' H x 5 1/4'' W x 1 1/4'' D Pen 5 1/2'' L Imported")
(99732, "Those little moments of awe and sparks of brilliance; those are your ideas brimming up to your coffee cup! Don't gulp them down as we might have something for you to keep them safe and sound. Doodle collection gives you diaries that spell your ideas the way you see them and keep the spark alive! This stylish soft to touch Doodle notebook has a beautiful leather like feel and all-over embossing gives an incredible tactile sensation. The magnetic lock doubles as a page marker. This 200 pages notebook has many useful features lined guides and perforated pages for easy tearing.")
(143366, '50 colorful Disney Princess temporary tattoos by Savvi! Bag of 50 assorted designs featuring Cinderella, Ariel, Belle, and More! Savvi temporary tattoos are high quality and long lasting. These tattoos are fun, fast to apply, easy to remove. FD&C approved ingredients. Made in the USA. Perfect for party favors, rewards and more! Great fun for any Disney Princess fan!')

(32823, '3d shaped tyrannosaurus rex dinosaur piata measures 25.5 inches long from nose to tail, 9 inches wide and 18 inches tall. piata holds up to 3 pounds of toys and candy (sold separately). decorated with tissue paper and print cutouts, piata features an orange dinosaur with green tummy and face, green dots on back and big white teeth. this 3 dimensional piata is a great decoration and fun party game for boys birthdays on the dinosaurs party theme.', ['for boys '], -1)

(75959, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : LL/W24-E053 Card Text : [CONT] All of your other ((Music)) characters get +500 power. [AUTO] [(1) [REST] this card] When you use "Change", if this card is [STAND], you may pay the cost. If you do, choose a character in your waiting room, and return it to your hand. Color : Red Cost : 0 Level : 1 Power : 1500 Rarity : R Side : W Soul : 1 Traits : Music Trigger : 0')

(148305, 'This 18-inch Shimmer Princess play doll, with blue eyes that open and close, is ready for the ball. This princess looks perfectly poised in her light blue satin dress with an underskirt of blue, white, and purple sparkle tulle, and a blue satin bow belt. Her soft cuddly body is perfect for posing and for hugs! While her long silky blonde hair, held back by a satin blue headband with sparkle tulle, can be styled for hours of playtime fun. A long sleeved faux fur jacket, clear glittered flats, and star earrings complete this royal outfit. The perfect princess for your little princess. About Madame Alexander Doll Company: Since 1923, we have proudly upheld Madame Alexanders vision to inspire and engage a childs imagination by crafting beautiful dolls to love, play, and grow up with. The Madame Alexander Doll Company encourages girls of all ages and stages to enjoy a lifetime of doll fun, play, gifting, and collecting with quality products that include Madame Alexander Play, Baby, Fashion, and Collection. After all, as Madame Alexander herself said, "Love is in the details."', ['for your little princess.'], 1)

(172461, 'This listing is for a brand new set of hand painted American Independence war chess men. Board NOT included in this listing. Pieces are solid resin, hand painted and have felt bottoms. - Red Side: King: 3 1/4" - King Arthur - Queen: 3 1/8" - Guinevere - Bishop: 2 7/8" - Merlin - Knight: 2 7/8" - Passelande - Rook: 2 3/4" - Lot\'s Castle - Pawn: 2 5/8" - Sir Lancelot - Blue Side - King: 3 1/4" - King Lot - Queen: 3 1/8" - Morgan Le Fay - Bishop: 2 7/8" - Mordred - Knight: 2 7/8" - Lot\'s Horse - Rook: 2 3/4" - Camelot - Pawn: 2 5/8" - Melehan - Base Diameter - 1" - Total Piece Weight: - 1.75 Pounds - Men come decorative box with foam storage.')
(29757, "  He is the ultimate Autobot weapon. His strength, endurance and courage are limitless. His fireblast is one of the most powerful forces in the universe. And now, the ultimate Autobot weapon has become the ultimate Transformers figure. Standing over 2 feet tall, this Generations Titan Class Metroplex figure is the largest converting Autobot figure. Transformers and all related characters are trademarks of Hasbro. 2013 Hasbro. All Rights Reserved. Manufactured under license from Tomy Company, Ltd.The information provided here is as complete and accurate as possible; however, product names, colors and/or materials are subject to change without notice. Many of our products, including the designs and features contained therein, are protected by trademarks, patents and/or copyrights. Appropriate legal action will be taken against any infringers of these rights. The most vast and mighty Autobot ever created, Metroplex is a member of a race long thought of as nothing more than legend. He is impossibly ancient, brought online in a time before the long memory of his Autobot comrades even began. He is a living artifact of an era when Cybertron was united and needed defenders only against hostile outsiders. It is his memory of that peaceful past that drives him to fight for the Autobots. It is hope for the return of peace that motivates him to crush every Deception he can see beneath his mighty feet.   Get the biggest Autobot ever with this enormous Metroplex figure. This 3-in-1 warrior is over 2 feet tall and he's a whole city of Transformers action. He converts from a robot to vehicle mode, but he also converts to city mode with an arsenal waiting to deploy. Take aim with his missile launcher and fire it with the press of a button. His lights and sounds take the battle to a whole new level. Your Scamper figure has got his back and he converts from robot mode to vehicle mode and back. Have a citywide battle with this enormous Metroplex figure and his Scamper ally.")
(140342, "In need of a loyal, obedient servant companion? Buy this combo kit for one of your friends and dress them up as a minion. Have them follow you around wherever you go, to please your needs. Or better yet dress everyone as a minion. What's more fun than being mischievous with all your minion buddies creating innocent mayhem together?")
(123272, 'Fill these 22 Easter eggs with candy or goodies, and have the children hunt for them in your backyard. This assortment comes with 12 regular sized designed eggs, 4 Jumbo Diamond eggs, 3 Jumbo yellow chick eggs and of course 3 Jumbo orange Easter Egg carrots.')

(162200, 'A great getup for Halloween or masquerade parties. This adorable kings crown is fit especially for a young man of royalty. Hat Size: 20.5 Youth. For ages 5+.', ['for a young man '], -1)

(89504, 'Learn to build with Kinetic Sand - The squeezable sand you can mold with your hand! The included sandbox is the perfect play space for young boys to build. Use 3 different brick molds to create sidewalks, buildings and more. Then demo the construction site with the included jackhammer! Pack it, pull it, shape it and love it, Kinetic Sand is so incredible you cant put it down. Its kinetic  meaning it sticks to itself and not to you! It oozes, moves and melts right before your eyes. It flows through your fingers like a slow-moving liquid, but leaves them completely dry. Kinetic Sand never dries out and is gluten free. This soft and stretchy sand easily cleans up while delivering non-stop fun! Its squeezable sand you cant put down. Feel the difference with Kinetic Sand!')

(95396, 'Wherever you go, this brown bear will be there for you! Share your most genuine moments with this bear. Your new cuddly soft 16? brown bear will be the envy of your friends! Enjoy unparalleled softness and hugability with brown button eyes, brown fabric thread nose, brown embroidered mouth, silky soft brown fur, long hair fur, brown embroidered paw pads, fluffy and thick fur, and pinch fur. Our animals come with a reseal-able pouch on their back, allowing for access to the stuffing so you can adjust the firmness level of your furry friend. This pouch is also a great place for special treasures and is commonly used for: recordable and other sound modules, wishes, goals, family heirlooms, photos, ashes of a loved one or loved pet, money, essential oils, ultra sound recordings, heartbeat vibration modules, recorded greetings, and anything else your imagination can allow. Lovingly stuffed by caring hands in the United States. Made with high quality, durable, super soft fabrics, to ensure your stuffed animal will be huggable for years to come. Makes a great gift for Christmas, birthdays, graduation, anniversaries, life events, fundraiser, hobby, students, Valentine?s Day, Mother?s Day, gift for him, gift for her, fianc?, baby shower, weddings, dating gift, daycare provider, service men & women, and children?s activities. Customize your stuffed animal with clothing and accessories. Your new furry friend is compatible with 14?-18? Build-a-Bear, Avon, Bearfoots, Bearington, Boyds, Brass Button, Care Bears, Chantilly Lane, Cherished Teddies, Dayton Hudson, Deans, Ganz, Hallmark, Harrods, Merrythought, NABCO, Paddington, Raikes, Russ, Vermont Teddy Bears, and more!', ['gift for him, gift for her,'], 0)

(106843, 'In a smart red suit which is the uniform for him in joining the Guardians of the Galaxy as one of the major members! The Marvel Super Heroes Vignette line-up from Dragon features blockbuster characters in 1/9 scale. Each highly detailed and accurate figure is pre-painted and separated into just a few parts. This means collectors and modelers can rapidly complete the plug and display process. The figures are accurately colored and textured to movie likeness in a dynamic Marvel approved pose on a diorama base.')
(193526, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : SAO/S26-E086 Card Text : AUTO When this card is placed on your climax area from your hand, choose up to one blue card in your waiting room, put it into your stock, and all of your characters get +1 soul until end of turn. Color : Blue Rarity : PR Side : S Trigger : 2 Type : Climax')
(78827, "Dive into the world of fairytales with these two adorable mermaid small dolls! Designed in 6-inch scale, they're perfect for small hands and big imaginations! Choose from two dolls: a heart-themed mermaid with bright pink hair and a star-themed mermaid with gorgeous purple locks. Each is positively eye-catching with a brilliant ombre tail, neon fin and a colorful attached bodice. Translucent tiaras match the fins and the themes for fashion and princess play; articulation at the waist expands the action and storytelling fun. With their big, bright eyes, they're sure to make a splash! Collect them both to double the fantasy fun! Includes doll and tiara. Each sold separately. Ages 3 and older.")

(212441, 'Makes a fun birthday gift for boys or a birthday gift for girls. Give multiple magnetic building sets to multiply the fun!This magnetics building sets lends itself to kids learning and development. Enhance hand-eye coordination,motor skills,and visual acuity.Learn shape recognition,color recognition,and memory skills.       Intelligent Magnetic Design for Brain Development    Autoark Magnetic Building Block Magnetic Toys are easy to use and never frustrating.For children 3 and up;lifetime warranty. They always attract and never repel,so the moment any two pieces touch they connect. High quality magnets that instantly connect are sure to spark curiosity and play time is creative,stimulating,and constructive.      Colorful Building Basics    Autoark designs can look more exciting when built with these vibrant colors. The units attract on all sides and the combinations form many different shapes and structures. From flat designs to squares, pyramids, plus many more unlimited geometric shapes. Tiles easily connect, which prompts kids to move from constructing two-dimensional to three-dimensional creations. Magnificent high rise 3D towers are designed by kids who have developed into critical thinkers through creative play. As they build, kids develop tools for spatial problem-solving tasks, logical thinking, and math reasoning. Blocks easily connect and inspire creativity, brain development patterning, shape recognition, building, and motor skills.      Package Included    12 triangles   14 squares   4 ladder-shaped   2 car chassis   4 wheel   1 Idea booklet', ['for boys or a birthday gift for girls.'], 0)

(74716, 'We can show you that your little girl can get even cuter than she thought possible with these Rainbow Child Fairy Wings. Show off mommy s fashion skills with this item, and totally embrace all of the confidence she will endure on Halloween. There really is nothing better than these awesome wings that are fit for a princess.', ['for a princess.'], 1)

(78603, 'Millennium Products Group is proud to present our latest innovative products for children. This is a terrific way for our children to have fun while getting the extra benefits of a safe and healthy activity based recreation. This will inspire them to move and have an active lifestyle, now and for the future that will benefit them for a lifetime.')

(152203, '1st Birthday Crown for your little Boy! Our Felt Birthday Crowns are handcrafted with quality and care. All pieces are hand stitched so they will not come off. But please watch out for the pompom decoration. This is a full size crown to fit an average size one year olds head and has an adjustable Velcro closure. Made in the USA.', ['for your little Boy!'], -1)
(204529, "This dreamy Pink Princess Castle Pinata will add an extra special touch to your daughter's princess themed party. The holographic paper accents on this pinata add a magical effect that litle girls love! Pinata measures 19 inches high by 18 inches long by 6 inches deep and holds up to 4 pounds of toys and candy (sold separately). Princess Castle Pinata makes the perfect decoration and even better party game for princess or fantasy themed parties.", ['your daughter's'], 1)

(172632, 'Best Choice Products presents this new plush Giraffe rocker. This plush toddler rocker with wrap around cushion is a modern approach to the traditional rocking horse. Recommended for toddlers, the soft and plush material will allow a child to comfortably ride with the wrap around cushion to secure them in place. Beneath the plush exterior, a sturdy wood base supports your child allowing them to rock back and forth with ease and handles that protrude from the Giraffe head for them to hold on to. It comes with a button that when pressed causes the Giraffe to let out noise, adding to the plush and comfortable design. If your child gets bored of staying in the same place, you can extend the wheels outward so your child can ride around. Your child gets the option to rock or roll! this Giraffe rocker is the perfect gift for the little animal lover in your home. Specifications: product Dimensions: 25" x 14" x 20"; weight: 8.7 lbs.; color: orange.')

(156081, 'A real licensed finger scooter made of diecast metal for Boys and Girls', ['for Boys and Girls'], 0)

(148929, "The Panda family is about to get a little bit bigger with the addition of Miss Panda and nine, count 'em, nine Panda babies. The Gardener is going to have his work cut out for him. Takenoko Chibis ads new Objective cards, Plot tiles and Pandas. New landscape features like the Sacred Hills and the Kamis Garden will change the lay of the land in the Royal Gardens. It's up to the players to complete their goals and make sure the Pandas are one big happy family! NOTE: As this game is an expansion pack -you must have a base game in order to play. CONTENTS: Takenoko Chibis contains 1 Miss Panda Figurine, 9 Panda Babies tokens (3 green, 3 yellow, 3 pink), 18 Objective cards (6 Plots, 6 Bamboo, 6 Panda), 17 bamboo sections, 6 Plot tiles, 1 rulebook.")

(194841, "Gift Set Bundle Includes 4 Disney Princess MagiClip Dolls and Fashions - Rapunzel, Belle, Ariel & Cinderella! Sometimes a princess can't settle on just one royal fashion - and why should she have to? Each doll comes with 2 royal fashions inspired by her fairy tale! Dressing a princess has never been easier! The princesses all come dressed in a shimmering iconic look. MagiClip fashions are gentle on fingers, fun and fast, too! The perfect gift for the little princess in your life! For Ages 3 and up.", ['for the little princess '], 1)

(92082, 'Youll be tempted to smother Kodi with Eskimo kisses after seeing his adorable almond shaped brown eyes peering up at you! Kodis little pout and adorable chin add to his playful look, just like a real little boy! His rosy cheeks let you know hes been playing in the cold Alaskan snow all day! Kodi wears faux fur trimmed jacket with tribal print accents around the edges and has closures going up the front. Its also lined with soft fleece to keep him warm and cuddly! A tribal printed headband is the perfect splash of color against his spikey jet black hair! Kodi also wears a sky blue ribbed turtleneck the perfectly complements his golden brown skin tone. His pants are a soft corduroy material and he wears fur trimmed suede shoes. Sculpted by world renowned artist Ping Lau, demand is expected to be very high for this handsome boy so be sure to order early!  Lovingly sculpted by artist Ping Lau  Approx. 20" Head to Toe  Head and limbs made in GentleTouch Vinyl  Weighted soft cloth body for a "real baby" feel  Beautiful hand set almond shaped brown eyes, hand painted details, hand applied eyelashes and spikey jet black hair  1/2 Vinyl arms & 3/4 Vinyl legs  Posable  Handle with care, ages 14+')

(198793, 'Magical Unicorn Necklace for princess party favors. This whimsical unicorn necklace is fit for a princess. This necklace is perfect for a party favor bag.', ['for a princess.'], 1)

(28971, "When a challenge comes that's too much even for Iron Man to handle alone, Tony Stark calls in the heavy artillery. From the screen to your shelf, it's the IRON PATRIOT Mini Bust. An Amazon.com exclusive, this piece was digitally sculpted by the master artisans at Gentle Giant Ltd. using the original CGI data from this summer's IRON MAN 3. No other collectable can claim to be as screen accurate. Featuring a light-up chest-mounted arc reactor and repulsor gloves, this hand-painted mini bust is part of a limited edition and comes individually numbered with a matching certificate of authenticity.")
(159059, "The Koopalings (called Bowser's minions in Europe in the New Super Mario Bros. games, and occasionally called Koopa Kids in the cartoons) is the name of a group of seven siblings that closely serve King Bowser Koopa. The Koopalings often act as high-ranking leaders of the Koopa Troop and mostly appear as bosses in various SNES-era Mario series games, before going on a nine-year hiatus after Hotel Mario, reappearing once in Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga in 2003, and then being redesigned for their inclusion in the recent New Super Mario Bros. games, starting with 2009's New Super Mario Bros. Wii.")

(16017, 'Baby Ty Baby Tiptop Blue the Giraffe With love to baby! Baby Tiptop is an 11? giraffe in shades of blue for the newest little boy in your life. Machine washable and infant safe!', ['for the newest little boy '], -1)

(122677, 'Hungry for more Shopkins? Then this packs for you! Share some tasty treats with your Shopkins BFFs! Check out this cool Food Fair pack! Its a Sweeeet soft serve ice cream machine. Serve up some treats for your friends to eat with the cute ice cream scoop! Store your Shopkins inside the machine for them to chill out! This is one dream of an ice cream Machine! Comes with 8 Shopkins to add to your list!')
(3295, 'Don\'t Wake Daddy Game! Be the first player to tiptoe from your bed, past all the noisy obstacles, to the refrigerator for a midnight snack without waking Daddy. Land on a plain colored space without a picture and number: You\'re safe! If you land on a space with a picture and number and you don\'t have a card that matches the space, you must push the button on the Alarm Clock the number of times indicated on the space. If you wake Daddy, he will pop up in bed! If Daddy sleeps through the alarm, stay on that space until your next turn. The first player to land on the Rainbow Refrigerator wins. Don\'t eat too much! Shhh! If you can sneak past sleeping Daddy without waking him, you can have that midnight snack you\'re craving. But it\'s going to be tough--there are roadblocks everywhere. Don\'t step on the cat\'s tail! And watch out for those roller blades that didn\'t get put away! The first person to slip around all these obstreperous obstacles to get to the fridge wins. Players spin a spinner to determine what color space they\'ll move to. If the player\'s card doesn\'t match the picture on the space, Daddy\'s alarm clock button must be pushed the number of times indicated. Just hope that Daddy will sleep through the alarm. If not, he\'ll pop up and make his nightcap fly off! The game includes "Daddy" in a 9-by-5-inch plastic bed, gameboard, mover bases, deck of cards, spinner, and instructions (English and Spanish). For two to four players.  --Emilie Coulter')
(39320, 'UrTown\'s new product release is an innovative new way of "Having Fun in UrTown". These large 48"x 32" playmats are durable highly detailed play worlds, ready for children to play on them.\n\nEach high resolution playmat has beautifully enhanced colors, titled landmarks, popular street names and includes a variety of die-cast 2 vehicles or planes, plus 14 fun signs. These playmat enhancements bring real-world experiences into a new yet common playground for parents and children to grow together.')

(118725, "New Dragon Knight Spy to add to your Schleich Knight's Collection! The Dragon Knights with their leader, the Dragon Rider, and their armors that remind us of dragon shields, are a new and highly attractive group of knights for boys.", ['for boys.'], -1)

(204379, "Description --This set is made with quality plastic and non toxic paint finish which makes it safe for you child to play with. --All the pieces feel smooth to the touch. --Bright colored, sturdy, durable, perfect size blocks. --The game consists of a die with colored faces, and 30 colored wood blocks. --The bright vibrant colors are guaranteed to catch your baby's/child's attention. --Big enough that the pieces are able to be handled easily by small hands. --The toy is lightweight and easy to store. --Also great for parties of all ages. How to play Classic Tumbling Block Game is a famous, well-known game over the world. Players take turns removing one block from the tower at a time, then placing it atop the tower again. As each new layer is balanced on the top of the tower, it creates a taller more precarious tower. The game is over when one player causes the tower to tumble down. Entertainment & Creative Learning There are so many cool game/learning combinations you can create with this simple stack of 48 blocks! It will last for ages and is fun for everyone in the family to play. They are great for the traditional stacking game with or without die(to be lined up and knocked over), but can also be used as normal building blocks and craft blocks. You can use them as a set of dominos, stack them in a row, or circle and push it down and watch them tumble. For the younger children you can help them with color recognition and counting. It can also be used as a drinking game. It is good for developing early sorting skills, teaching colors, promoting hand eye coordination, fine motor skills, problem solving skills and creativity.")
(208846, ' This LED Foam Stick is a cheaper alternative for those looking to buy in bulk or for those who use them on a regular basis. It is programmed with 3 different modes that flash the three colors in different sequences alternated by the click of a button.  These are the best quality LED Foam Sticks within this lower price range. This LED Glow Stick is the best party prop you could get for an event or party. The kids love them and they make people get up and dance.  SPECIFICATION: HOW TO CUSTOMIZE:  Head over to our Promotional Party Sticks store listing here on Amazon.com and take a look at our range of personalized glow foam baton sticks. IMMEDIATE, FAST SHIPPING:  We know parties, and party decorations are often planned at the last minute. As soon as you place your order, we jump into action to get it out immediately. Most customers receive their order a day before expected. We will try our utmost to provide that for you also. NEED SOME EXTRA PARTY IDEAS :  Foam baton glow sticks have become one of the hottest party accessories in recent times. They are such a versatile party essential! Popular for:  Branding, concerts, stadiums, advertisement, nightclubs, parties Lighting Modes Note:  This Guarantee holds only if you buy from the original manufacturer - Promotional Party Sticks.')
(139809, 'Kendama is much more than just a toy! Kendama serves as a magnificent  ALTERNATIVE ACTIVITY  for children who spend far too much time in front of their  smart phones, computers, video game consoles, or the television .     Alpha Kendama stands head and shoulders above the rest in quality, durability, and colorful designs. The Kendama isnt easy to master, but it is challenging and entertaining nonetheless and will provide hours of fun for children, teenagers, and adults as well. If one must refer to the Kendama as just a toy, it is one of the very rare toys that provide skill, coordination, and reflex exercises that are fun and quite competitive.      Here is why you should by Alpha Kendama :       FUN AND SAFE . Kids spend hours playing with it! Adults love playing with it too!       HAND-EYE COORDINATION . Kendama requires skill, patience and determination with the ultimate goal being improved reflexes, greater balance, improved hand/eye coordination. Kendama is the ultimate in coordination and reflex development.       DESIGN AND QUALITY . The design of our Alpha Kendama is both beautiful and practical equally. You will feel the strength of our Alpha Kendama the first time you pick it up, and the design is amazingly well thought-out.       SOCIAL . Kids love playing Kendama together. It\'s so much fun for them!       LIFETIME MONEY BACK GUARANTEE . We do not ask any questions, and if youre unsatisfied with our Alpha Kendama, we will refund your investment completely. That should give you an indication of how confident we are that you will love our Alpha Kendama.      Click the "Add to cart" button NOW before stock runs out!  Free Shipping with Amazon Prime!')
(48354, 'Funko did it again! Perfect for your desk or shelf Collect them all! This awesome Star Trek POP! Vinyl Figure featuring the classic Klingon stands 3 3/4 Inch tall and is perfect for fans and collectors. "Live long and prosper" and don\'t miss out on our other Star Trek POP! Vinyl Figures!')
(142318, 'Designed in a beautiful blue with a heart theme this Diary is well constructed and has a locking & key mechanism. Give your young ones the ability to put their limitless imagination and their little secrets into words with this wonderful diary. Allow for them to earn their first bit of independence and feel mature and trusted with this secret diary that locks. Makes for the perfect gift on any occasion School, birthday, christmas, any holiday, or just because your little one is sure to love this set.')
(155841, 'This listing is for a 13 piece Dashing Little Man Mustache balloon kit.   \n\nYou will receive with this kit:  \n\nOne (1) 42" Black handlebar mustache mylar shape balloon.  \n\nTwelve (12) 11" latex balloons....4 brown, 4 blue and 4 kiwi green.\n\nAll balloons are new and shipped uninflated.  Just add helium!')
(25891, 'Mini Muffins are 8 inch tall dolls with a bean bag body and painted eyes. The small size is perfect for kids to hold, carry and take with them everywhere. 8" doll with a bean bag body and painted eyes. Small size is great for little ones to hold and take with them wherever they go.')
(84738, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : SAO/S20-E007 Color : Yellow Level : 3 Power : 10000 Rarity : R Side : S Soul : s Traits : Avatar, Weapon Trigger : Soul Type : Character')
(157026, 'This set contains 12 decks of red playing cards. Each deck is wide (poker) size with a jumbo index. The cards measure 3.5" x 2.5". The cards are made from plastic-coated paper, which makes them durable and easy to clean.     The jumbo index is ideal for players who have difficulty reading small numbers. The cards are also perfect for group games that involve cards as the large numbers make them easy for everyone playing to see.     These cards are perfect for use in at-home games, poker tournaments, goody bags, stocking stuffers and more. Each deck contains 52 cards and two jokers.')
(28533, 'Brand New Madame Alexander Disney Oz The Great and Powerful Oscar Diggs Doll In Disneys new movie, we come to know the Great Oz as Oscar Diggs. Presented here, for the first time, he a 10-inch fully-articulated male Cissette has brown eyes and painted on brown hair and goatee. He, a small time circus magician, dresses for the part in black and grey pinstripe pants and a dark grey, tweed, double-breasted vest. His outfit is further defined by the addition of a white, stand-up collar, a black necktie and black nail- head buttons down the front of the vest. Over the pants and vest he wears a full length, long sleeved, majestic, magicians robe made from a wine colored crepe that features gold, rust and orange embroidery around the neck, down the front and at the edge of the sleeves. And on his head Oscar Diggs wears a magnificent multi-colored, striped Madras turban that has a green rhinestone directly in the center. White socks and black vinyl, lace-up, ankle boots completes the costume for the man who will eventually hide behind a curtain. Limited Edition of 750 Size: 10 in. SKU: 66920 New in its original box')

(93575, "Adorable purse for little girls they will love to carry with them everywhere they go. Purse measures approximately 7 x 8.     The cute signature coin purse features buttons, mixed fabrics, and a kiss lock feature for flair that is adorable! The coin purse is approximately 4 x 4.     Available at Daisy May's Boutique with other cute gifts for kids.", ['for little girls '], 1)

(164709, 'This Montessori learning activity has 24 manipulatives and 3 sorting cards to match and sort. What is Included: - 24 miniature safari and farm animals. (approx 1") (12 matching pairs) - 3 laminated cards professionally printed on 100# cardstock and laminated with 5 mil lamination. The cards are classroom tough. Cards are 4.25"x 2". Cards represent land, water and air. ACTIVITIES: 1. Matching Skill - Visual Discrimination: This activity begins as a simple matching game. There are 12 different animal pairs in the set (24 total). Beginners simply match the animals to their mate. Very young learners can start with 2 or 3 pairs and work their way up to all 12 as their skills increase. The objects are not an exact copy of each other (different colors) so children need to carefully observe details to match correctly rather than relying on color. Children problem solve by looking at distinctive attributes that they can see on both such as tall or short or number of legs. They might ask themselves "what other animal has wings?" or "both of these animals have 4 feet, but this one has a larger nose!" Recognizing these little details helps a child grow their category knowledge and learn new vocabulary! 2. SORTING BY LAND WATER AND AIR - There are three cards in the set that display land, water and air. Children sort and classify the animals by whether they live on land, water or air. There is a great opportunity to problem solve and learn about classifying because some animals could be land/water or air/water or all! (where would you put a duck.....and why!) 4 OPTIONS AVAILABLE, CHECK MY STORE FOR THEM: - Jungle and Farm Animals - Ocean animals and Insects - Dinosaurs and Vehicles - A full set with 48 miniatures and several sorting cards for more learning and fun.')
(24461, 'Discovering the power of the love inside each of us, the Tin Man shares a story that uplifts and inspires. This sweet-faced depiction pays homage to his quest for a heart and his discovery that love was with him all along. Vinyl doll . 7" H. Discovering the power of love inside of each of us, the Tin Man shares a story that uplifts and inspires. This sweet-faced depiction pays homage to his quest for a heart and discovery that love was with him all along. From the classic novel The Wizard of Oz.')
(3281, 'Nothing up my sleeve... Presto! This Marshall Brodien\'s My First Magic Set makes a fun-filled gift for the little magician in your life. The set teaches 10 slight-of-hand and other easy-to-perform parlor tricks for beginners. Includes a carrying case that doubles as storage. For ages 7 years and up. Made in USA. Abracadabra! Now kids can mystify an audience with Magic Rainbows, Rabbit and Rings, Tricky String, Mystery Tube, Magnetized Wand, and more. My First Magic Set holds 12 fun tricks, complete props and secrets for presenting them, and the carrying case to take the show on the road. All magicians need is the cape and top hat. Actually, the 4-to-8-year-olds for whom this set is intended probably also need adult help in reading the well-written and illustrated, 16-page "Secret Instruction Booklet." Parents and kids get together doing the light assembly necessary (such as separating the perforated sheet of cards, folding cardboard to form the magic box, applying a sticker) to four of the tricks. Then pore over the step-by-step pictures and instructions before the little magician goes off to perfect the sleight of hand. For extra help, every trick\'s instructions are accompanied by a "Secret" that summarizes and explains the key to the trick. (Example: "The hidden finger hole allows you to secretly reach in and \'untie\' the string.") A sure-fire hit--better start sewing that cape and top hat.  --Ava Natov')
(166630, "Strong contrasting colors and soft colorful objects and toys are best for babies to help them with their hand-eye coordination.Our puzzles train your babies' life skills. Paticipate in this new world and enioy the exercise course with your babies. Puzzle game is a very good educational game,kinds of difficulty. Fun to play together especially family activities , nobody will be bored. Put back a section of memories, a ray of warmth. Monolithic each piece has its own position, as each of the memories has a story, you have to put it in place of its own. Put back slowly ,until it's complete. Enjoy a warm wonderful familly night .")

(163632, 'Description The vivid dinosaur is designed for boys who like animals and have a sense of adventure. Its small body is easy to carry from home to school.Share the joy with peers. The dinosaurs flourished in the 230 million years ago. But Dinosaurs suddenly disappeared in 65 million years ago by the end of the Cretaceous. Still a mystery in the history of the evolution of the earth, this mystery is still no conclusion.  Dinosaurs only remain in fossils. In the Mesozoic strata, many dinosaur fossils have been found.  Which can be seen in a large number of or a variety of shapes of the bones.  Dinosaurs, and body shape and habits are also large differences, there are meek herbivorous and violent meat eaters. These realistic models of dinosaur toys based on today\'s high-tech archaeological research. Take you back to the ancient world, have a glimpse of the appearance of dinosaurs. Great gift idea for kids. The lifelike dinosaur will be a great Gift idea. Size: 17.7"x5.5"x8.7" If you wish this as a Gift,please mention the Estimated Delivery Date above . Welcome to the Dinosaur World,all the adventures are here waiting for you Take it home to give kids a toy prize,an educational game or a gift of apology Vivid appearance with sounding,walking and glowing actions,dare to play with your dinosaurs', ['for boys '], -1)
(138061, 'These are the most adorable little cupcake holders. Perfect for a baby boy shower! 50 boats and 50 sails.', ['for a baby boy '], -1)

(37432, 'The Kippah Kantor is an adorable doll that appeals to boys and girls. It is accompanied by a colorful book with a simple but meaningful story. In the story, children learn that they are rewarded with their own Kippah Kantor for being a good person and doing good deeds.  The child will develop a special connection with the Kippah Kantor by naming him. To maintain his or her new friend, the child must continue to perform mitzvahs. To create excitement, each night after the child goes to sleep, Kippah Kantor finds a new location in the house to hide. The child then searches for him the next day.  If the child misbehaves or does not perform mitzvahs, the Kippah Kantor can temporarily be hidden until the child behaves properly. If it becomes necessary for the Kippah Kantor to vanish, the parents have the opportunity to explain why the Kippah Kantor has disappeared by describing the misbehavior or failure to do mitzvahs. When the child behaves or does mitzvahs, the Kippah Kantor will suddenly reappear and remain so long as the child follows the rules of the Legend of the Kippah Kantor.  The goal is for the Kippah Kantor to help Jewish families (or families of other religions) have fun learning about and doing mitzvahs. Kippah Kantor is a great way to create memories that will last a lifetime. What a great gift for Hanukkah!', ['appeals to boys and girls.'], 0)

(118668, 'Find your favorite Pokmon whether its Pikachu, Mudkip, Torchic, Treecko, Plusle, Minun, Pichu or Espurr. These soft plush figures are 7-8" tall and ready for you to take them with you wherever you go. Each character sold separately.')
