(146481, 'Well aren\'t these twin baby dolls just "two cute"! Meet the adorable stars of our Taylor and Tyler Baby Doll Set, beautifully brought to life by Master Doll Artist Donna Lee and available ONLY from The Ashton-Drake Galleries. At just 13 inches long, these poseable So Truly Real® lifelike baby dolls are superbly handcrafted, perfectly capturing every detail of Ms. Lee\'s original sculpting. They look and feel so real they\'re sure to melt your heart from the moment you hold them in your arms.From the blush on their cheeks to the tiny folds and creases on their hands and feet, these twin baby dolls\' soft RealTouch® vinyl skin is hand-painted; even their little fingernails and toenails look real. Soft, baby-fine hair and delicate eyelashes are hand-applied to make them even more realistic. Taylor and Tyler arrive in coordinating outfits with Peter Pan collars, and little Taylor has a yellow ribbon for her hair. Plus, your precious twin baby doll set comes with a baby bunting made just for them, embellished with striped trim, lined with cozy fleece fabric, and tied with a lovely bow at the center. Strong demand is expected, so don\'t wait. Order now!   These adorable baby dolls arrive in coordinating outfits with Peter Pan collars; little Taylor even has a yellow ribbon for her hair Your precious twin baby doll set also arrives with a baby bunting made just for them, embellished with striped trim, lined with cozy fleece fabric, and tied with a lovely bow at the center Certificate of Authenticity Measure 13" L; 33 cm L Manufacturer recommended age: 14 years and up')
(31231, "Dance like Sofia the First with her iconic Royal Shoes! Sofia's dainty shoes are a perfect accessory to any dress and feature closed toe style for maximized comfort and fit. Its satin and lace ruffled bow, mini kitten heel and Sofia the First artwork details make this shoe fit for a princess! The Royal Shoes come with a free magical lesson card to use in the Talking Magical Amulet, sold separately. Discover a secret princess lesson on each card and collect them all! Ages 3+. Dance like Sofia the First with her iconic Royal Shoes! Sofia's dainty shoes are a perfect accessory to any dress and feature closed toe style for maximized comfort and fit. Its satin and lace ruffled bow, mini kitten heel and Sofia the First artwork details make this shoe fit for a princess! The Royal Shoes come with a free magical lesson card to use in the Talking Magical Amulet, sold separately. Discover a secret princess lesson on each card and collect them all! Ages 3+.")
(122676, 'Hungry for more Shopkins? Then this packs for you! Share some tasty treats with your Shopkins BFFs! Check out this cool Food Fair pack! Its a Sweeeet soft serve ice cream machine. Serve up some treats for your friends to eat with the cute ice cream scoop! Store your Shopkins inside the machine for them to chill out! This is one dream of an ice cream Machine! Comes with 8 Shopkins to add to your list!')
(155213, 'This listing is for a brand new 32pc set of chess men. Board NOT included. Don\'t let the height fool you on these. What these men lack in height they make up for in girth. Men are solid resin, hand painted and have felt bottoms. Great looking men. Men come in decorative box with foam storage. - King: 3" High W/ 1.5" Shoulder Width - Queen: 2 3/4" - Bishop: 2 5/8" - Knight: 2 5/8" - Rook: 2 1/2" - Pawn: 2 3/8" Base Diameter - 1" - Total Piece Weight: - 1Lb 10oz (without package) - Weights will vary slightly with each set.')

(88924, " The horizontal bar is movable allowing for greater flexibility. Your child will enjoy the skills they develop while using this fun piece of equipment. Your child will use the climbing steps to get to the top bar to do pull ups or leg lifts. Like climbing a ladder, but safer and more stable, the steps use the arms and increase cardiovascular endurance with each repetition. The climbing action will significantly target legs, engaging the quad and calve muscles while strengthening important ligaments of the knee. This will be beneficial in many sports like track and field and soccer. Notably, gymnastics rings are featured and are a great tool for boys starting out in the sport.* Although the rings are not among chief disciplines learned in women's gymnastics, daring girls may enjoy the challenge of testing their ability against the boys! Other components-fixed horizontal bar, gymnastic rings, rope and trapeze-are included and placed on one side of the unit. It offers a wide range of challenging exercises while remaining compact and sleek looking.", ['for boys '], -1)
(14928, 'Body size: Body size: 210mm for boys Age: 3 years from the major producing countries: China', ['for boys '], -1)

(183922, "Magic: the Gathering is a collectible card game created by Richard Garfield. In Magic, you play the role of a planeswalker who fights other planeswalkers for glory, knowledge, and conquest. Your deck of cards represents all the weapons in your arsenal. It contains the spells you know and the creatures you can summon to fight for you. Card Name : Nissa's Pilgrimage Cost : 2G Color : Green Card Type : Sorcery Card Number : 001/012 Artist : Christopher Choe Card Text : Search your library for up to two basic forest cards and reveal them, then put one onto the battlefield tapped and put the rest into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Spell mastery - If there are two or more sorcery and/or instant cards in your graveyard, you may search your library for up to three basic forest cards instead.")
(208070, 'Do you have these problems when you jump rope?   Your children want to jump rope when you are using it, but your jump rope is not suitable for them.   You do not know how to make this exercise become charming while you are jumping.   Now the Color-Change Jump Rope has solved your problems! You can skip it, and your kids can skip it too with the adjustable Jump Rope. Taketurns jumping with your children by instantly adjusting the rope. When they are tired,lengthen the rope and take a turn, switching it back when you are done.Whats more? You take it to driveway or square and was jump roping in the dark, Using your LED jump rope, and you can see there are many people from these place watching you because of attentions caught by the lights!   Features   When the jumping speed is lessmthan 100 cycles/min, the color is green   When the jumping speed is between 100-150 cycles/min, the color is red    When the jumping speed is above 150 cycles/min, double colors are shining    Because of the speed-color-change property, the players would like to challenge each other as well as themselves. The players can also organize a team to have a rope skipping show. The boring rope skipping exercise become an interesting show. The players dont need to worry about their persistence of doing exercise.   Specifications   Product Dimensions:23.5*16*4.0cm(9.3*6.3*1.6 inch)   Handles:ABS plastics with 19cm(7.5 inch)    PVC Rope:Diameter*Length=0.6 *300 cm (0.24 *118 inch)   Item Weight:8.32 ounces(236g)')
(209849, 'Features:   Size: 1.8*3.5*1.8cm   Led color : White   Standby time : about 24hours   Battery:2 x AG3battery(included)  NOTICE:there are more color,if you need other color balloon light,please visit our stroe,thank you    Instruction:   Light up your special occasion with these fantastic, easy to use LED lights, which will bring a great ambianceall of their own to your special occasion.   These lights can be used not only for parties, but for many other uses such as lighting you plant pots or you can even use them as an emergency torch.  The uses of these lights are limitless, so let your thoughts go wild!!These excellent unique balloon lights will add a wow factor to any Wedding,   Engagement party, Disco, Camping, Barbeque and any other use that you can use your imagination for! They simply go inside the balloon (before you blow it up) and once it is blown up create a great look to a basic balloon by making it glow. (Dont forget to turn it on before blowing the balloon up!!!)  Package include : 50pcs White balloon light')
(31118, 'Fisher-Price Little People Disney Aladdin\'s Magic Carpet Fisher-Price Disney Little People Aladdin\'s Magic Carpet The carpet moves up & down as kids roll it along to help kids imagine it\'s "flying" Kids discover cause & effect when they bring Jasmine to the Little People Disney Princess Songs Palace to hear her talk and sing!?(Palace sold separately and subject to availability.) Bring Aladdin to the Little People Disney Princess Songs Palace to hear a waltz! Comes with Aladdin, Princess Jasmine & Abu figured and the Magic Carpet Fun for all kids Come along with Jasmine and Aladdin on a magic carpet ride. The carpet moves up and down as kids roll it along to help kids imagine it\'s "flying". And of course, Abu is along for the ridepress on him for music and sounds.')
(145463, 'With the return of the French tyrant Napoleon Bonaparte from his exile on the island of Elba, Britain and her allies of the 7th Alliance once again prepared to face the might of the French Army in what would be known as the Hundred Days Campaign. The rain-lashed weekend of 17th and 18th June 1815 saw the Allied forces end twenty years of continuous warfare  warfare that spanned the globe  in a series of violent and bloody battles at Quatre Bras, Ligny, Wavre and Waterloo. At the decisive battle of Waterloo, redcoated British foot regiments, supported by their massed artillery and the noble cavalrymen, battled the rain and the mud as well as the hated French. Their Prussian Allies struggled to join with them, only reaching the fields of Waterloo late on Sunday 18th June. Sir Arthur Wellesley, Duke of Wellington, rooted his Allied army to the ridge at Waterloo for over nine hours as Bonapartes French threw everything at them. The steadfast British veterans of the Peninsular campaign served their King and country well once more and with the Prussians taking to the field before nightfall, the day was won for the Allies and the brilliant Bonapartes reign of terror was finally ended. Contains: 20 plastic easy-build British Line Infantry. 4 metal command miniatures: officer, drummer and two ensigns with wire flagpoles and finials. 2-page background guide including fourteen full-colour flags.')
(74060, 'Princess Amber is well known for her fan fluttering skills and girls will delight at seeing Princess Amber in action with this adorable figure. Simply roll Amber forward and watch as she flutters her fan just like the perfect princess that she is in the beloved Disney Junior series. She also comes with a bouquet of yellow flowers and a purse. Ages 3 and older.')

(74148, "Magic: the Gathering is a collectible card game created by Richard Garfield. In Magic, you play the role of a planeswalker who fights other planeswalkers for glory, knowledge, and conquest. Your deck of cards represents all the weapons in your arsenal. It contains the spells you know and the creatures you can summon to fight for you. Card Name : Stain the Mind Cost : 4B Color : Black Card Type : Sorcery Card Number : 117/269 Artist : Jason Rainville Card Text : Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature's color.)Name a nonland card. Search target player's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and exile them. Then that player shuffles his or her library.", ['his or her '], 0)

(209255, 'Princess Wands Party Favors Pack - 12 Wands and 276 Disney Princess stickers featuring favorite Disney Princess characters including Cinderella, Snow White, Ariel, Belle and more! Set of 12 matching princess wands. Each princess wand is pink and decorated with ribbons, glitter and jewels! Perfect as party favors and dress up party accessories. Disney Princess sticker pack contains 276 small stickers on four sheets. Colorful Disney Princess stickers featuring all of your favorite Disney Princesses including Cinderella, the Little Mermaid, Snow White, Belle and more! Perfect to hand out at princess parties! Great fun for any Disney Princess or Cinderella fan! Perfect as Disney Princess party supplies, party favors, Disney Princess reward stickers, motivational stickers and more! The perfect gift for any Disney Princess and Cinderella fan!')
(113852, 'A NEW generation of Kalos Region Pokemon toys have arrived. Find your favorite Pokemon whether its Pikachu, Chespin, Fennekin, Froakie, Meowstic (male), Goomy, or Hawlucha! These soft plush figures are 8" tall and ready for you to take them with you wherever you go. Gotta Catch \'Em All!')
(166135, "                SAM Labs is the most innovative and friendly construction kit for 7-14 year olds to learn coding, engineering and technology. Whether you’re a coding newbie, or an eager programmer, SAM Labs offers the fastest way to create interactive systems and smart inventions through fun and educative play. By seamlessly integrating hardware, software and the internet, SAM gives anyone the tools to shape the future of the Internet of Things (IoT).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           SAM make                    The SAM Make kit is perfect for ages 10+ to create toys, interactive games and working machines in minutes with no coding and wiring.     Packed with 8 wireless blocks, including a rotating Servo and lightning fast DC Motor, you can make things move, spin and react. Start with the robocar in the box, see it zooming at every tweet and be ready to see your creativity unleashed after just minutes of play. Wireless blocks:  2 BUTTONS to trigger anything,   2 LED RGB LIGHTS to light up your inventions,   1 SERVO to rotate 180 degrees,   1 SLIDER to smoothly control anything,   1 TILT SENSOR to detect movement,   1 DC MOTOR because we like to move it, move it!    Accessories:  2 Micro USB charging cables,   1 Bluetooth 4.0 dongle,   Starter activity accessories and in-app guide to build an Internet-connected car. With countless projects, you’ll never wear out. Become friendly with the app and out little blocks and dive right into endless play. The world is waiting for your ideas! Creativity and curiosity shape successful fun. Used in STEM curricula all over the world, the SAM kits are preparing children for the future allowing them to master coding and engineering through imaginative and constructive play. Whether you’re a coding newbie or an eager programmer, SAM is the perfect way to unleash your inner genius! Start with the activities in the box, it will be minutes before you experience your first Eureka! moment. The app is where the magic happens. Simply “connect the dots” to team up the wireless blocks and link them to the Internet. Without any coding you will change hues, speeds, spins and tones of your inventions in seconds. ”The original inspiration for SAM arose when my younger brother Samuel came over one night to cook for me during exams. He was surprised that all I had eaten for a week straight was noodles. He was frustrated and said, “you know cooking is not as hard as people think…” Slowly hiding the pasta I was about to prepare, I agreed.  While he gave me fantastic advice on my diet, being an engineer, I was the one that had to help him when he had ideas for new products, apps or tried to fix something in his flat.  After the third flat visit in one week, I told him “you know Sam, engineering is not as hard as people think…” It was in that moment I realised, that just like there are simple ingredients to make a meal, I needed to create a way to make the ingredients for any app, product or hack.  Samuel inspired me to get to work on a technology that simplifies engineering so that we could give the powers of engineering to anyone that has an idea for an invention.  I named my company SAM Labs after him, and we’ve been delivering people the ingredients to whip up any invention since 2015.” “We designed the most innovative construction kit to give everyone the skills to shape the future with delightful technology. Our friendly and intuitive app allows inventors of age 7+ to play and create with electronics and the internet without the hurdles of wires, soldering and complex code. The SAM construction kits are the first toolsets able to unleash everyone’s creativity, from the beginners to the experts. By combining electronics  and web technology in a friendly, smart and accessible ecosystem, you are able . Join the SAMily and be part of a world where everyone has the skills to make the internet of things everybody's thing.” “What makes startups special is the incredible rate of change, the way everyone make things happen on a daily basis. Trying, iterating, getting out and meeting people: constant motion is how we thrive.”")
(84750, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : PD/S22-E085  Color : Blue Cost : 0 Level : 1 Power : 4000 Rarity : U Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Music, Net Trigger : None Type : Character')
(185426, "The toy set imitates shopping experience within 3+ preschoolers who nourish the slight idea of cooking and serving their friends. It is specifically designed to kitchen creativity feature, the facility allows 3+ little ones to pretend play cooking and helping to their heart's content, subtly learning the discipline of colors and tools. The playset is packed with tons of realistic features. The variety of shades used for vegetable collection and palpable toy designing ensures extra fun. Slice up and serve yummy fun with soft, durable plastic fruits that is most familiar to every preschooler. Kids would love spending long stretches of time cutting the food apart and then joining them up easily. The game involves many kinds of stories to it with simulating toy parts that indulge the little ones in a creative, pretend play which is extremely realistic to the fantasy-oriented minds. The kids learn the usage of several elements, obtain the gist of utilization and learn the roles of the toy parts that they shall use in their later life, at some point. Festively colored parts and unique features add immense fun and creative play to the game. Real, appealing colors and tones attract the little ones extensively, allowing them to indulge in the toy game of fun, pretend play. Great for toddler hands: The provided fruit toys are not too hard for the kids to cut or slice them up, as joined by Velcro, but challenging enough to separate the pieces into halves and practice early fractions. Learning outcome: Besides the fun and enjoyment part, the workshop contributes to the learning and growth of your kid and a direct objective towards teaching the usage of kitchen tools and supplies.")
(166072, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : LH/SE20-TE02 Card Text : [AUTO] [Put a marker from underneath this card into your waiting room] When?this?card?attacks, you may pay the cost. If you do, choose one of your opponent\'s level 0 or lower characters in the center stage, and put it into your opponent\'s waiting room. [ACT] [[REST] this card] If there are no markers underneath this card, put the top card of your deck underneath this card as a marker. Color : Red Cost : 0 Level : 0 Power : 1500 Rarity : TD Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Weapon - Shinobi Type : Character')
(138382, 'Even with the more powerful hits, these balls are designed to be soft and safe. You wont need a glove to catch them. They will land comfortably in your hand. That also means that there are less accidents and tears on the baseball field. If someone gets hit, they can keep on playing without a worry. The Crush It Toys are a perfect way to get kids outside and playing. Teach all kinds of valuable skills like teamwork, sportsmanship, and focus with just a simple game of ball. Kids will love running around and having fun, staying active and away from the electronics. Its a great way to get the whole family or neighborhood together for good old fashioned fun. These balls are perfect for youngsters looking to be on a MLB team one day, or at least play a team sport at school. Its a great way for them to learn the rules and techniques of baseball early without starting them on adult equipment. Perfect for batting practice or pitching, these balls are great for aspiring athletes of all ages. We empower and motivate kids to be active by creative innovative sports toys that inspire healthy fun by transforming play  without couches, controllers, or screens! Tucker Toys boasts a 2017 lineup of sports toys that are innovative, fun, and carry on their mission to transform play. In 2016 we have won 46 awards and continue to receive more every day! Package contains (1) Tucker Toys Crush It High Performance Foam Baseballs  2 Pack for use with the Crush It Adjustable High Powered Bat. Each ball measures 3 inches in diameter. White in color. Recommended for children ages 5 years and older.')
(204377, "Description --This set is made with quality plastic and non toxic paint finish which makes it safe for you child to play with. --All the pieces feel smooth to the touch. --Bright colored, sturdy, durable, perfect size blocks. --The game consists of a die with colored faces, and 30 colored wood blocks. --The bright vibrant colors are guaranteed to catch your baby's/child's attention. --Big enough that the pieces are able to be handled easily by small hands. --The toy is lightweight and easy to store. --Also great for parties of all ages. How to play Classic Tumbling Block Game is a famous, well-known game over the world. Players take turns removing one block from the tower at a time, then placing it atop the tower again. As each new layer is balanced on the top of the tower, it creates a taller more precarious tower. The game is over when one player causes the tower to tumble down. Entertainment & Creative Learning There are so many cool game/learning combinations you can create with this simple stack of 48 blocks! It will last for ages and is fun for everyone in the family to play. They are great for the traditional stacking game with or without die(to be lined up and knocked over), but can also be used as normal building blocks and craft blocks. You can use them as a set of dominos, stack them in a row, or circle and push it down and watch them tumble. For the younger children you can help them with color recognition and counting. It can also be used as a drinking game. It is good for developing early sorting skills, teaching colors, promoting hand eye coordination, fine motor skills, problem solving skills and creativity.")

(189875, 'Star Wars Episode VII Birthday Party Set is perfect for boys birthday parties and other events.', ['for boys '], -1)
(199045, 'Marvel Spiderman Backpack and Lunch Bag Set. This Marvel Spiderman backpack with lunch bag set for kids features colorful artwork featuring the Amazing Spider-man! Marvel Spiderman reusable lunch bag for kids measures 8"x6"x2" with velcro closure and durable hand strap. Easy to pack and fold. Marvel Spiderman backpack for boys measures 16 inches -- full size. Zip closure. Adjustable padded shoulder straps. Top loop for hanging. Officially licensed Marvel Spiderman toys and games product.', ['for boys '], -1)

(150092, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : AOT/S35-E006 Card Text : ?AUTO? [(1)] When this card attacks, if a card named "Since That Day" is in your climax area, you may pay the cost. If you do, until the end of your opponent\'s next turn, this card gets +2000 power and the following ability. "?AUTO? At the beginning of your opponent\'s attack phase, you may choose one of your ?Corps? characters and this card, and exchange them as ?STAND?." Color : Yellow Cost : 0 Level : 1 Power : 5000 Rarity : R Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Corps Weapon Type : Character')

(101714, '34CT Deluxe - Tattoos Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Kids Classroom Valentine Exchange Cards that contains 34 Fold & Seal Cards. 7 designs per box. with Sticker Seals. designed for boys.', ['for boys.'], -1)
(149713, 'All parts store neatly into the base, Launch tube extents to 31" tall, New missile design allows them to fly higher than ever, Works on "kid" power, Great gift for both boys and girls', ['for both boys and girls'], 0)
(212589, 'Realistic Large Stuffed Plush Animals Toy Tiger Beige for Boys\' and Girls\' Gifts,27.5" or 70CM,1PC', ['for Boys\' and Girls\''], 0)

(206341, 'Ariel and Flounder will join you for a quest for whozits and whatzits galore! Stuff them inside this Disney Ariel Deluxe Plastic Loot Bag for safekeeping. Give out the best party fun treat, ever. Special treats and toys should be in a special place made especially for them.')
(76589, 'The Kettler Home Playground Equipment: Sand Box Play Set with Waterproof Cover is constructed with high impact, quality resin for strength and durability, ensuring that your child will be able to play with this sand box until its too small for them! The easy, snap-together construction allows for easy assembly as no tools are required to completely build the sand box. This snap-together construction also allows the sand box to be taken apart very easily. After use, the sides and corners stack for easy transportation and to use less storage space. The Kettler Home Playground Equipment: Sand Box Play Set with Waterproof Cover comes with a bucket, a shovel, a sand sifter, three sand molds, a waterproof cover and a groundsheet. This sand box is recommended for children ages 24 months and older and can hold up to 50 lbs. of sand. Sand is not included.')
(79135, 'This is a 24 piece set of ancient ninja warrior and serpentine building block minifigures; The set does include accessories for your little one to imagine and recreate their very own battle scenes Minifigures are paired with one ninja and one bad guy for a total of 12 poly bags; Instructions are not included but are easy to assemble Our minifigures are COMPATIBLE with other brands for easy mixing and matching for any other sets you may already have')
(108054, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : SAO/S20-PE04 Card Text : ACT_1__ This card gets +1 soul until end of turn. Color : Yellow Cost : 1 Level : 1 Power : 6500 Rarity : PR Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Avatar - Weapon Trigger : 0 Type : Character')
(187567, 'As the pilot of TB1, Scott Tracy is the first responder for any situations that the brothers might have to deal with. As the oldest and most experienced of the brothers, Scott is also the team leader and makes bold and decisive decisions. This articulated 9.5cm action figure comes with a helmet and jet pack accessories which are perfect for this fearless leaders adventures. For ages 3+.')
(156176, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : MM/W35-E046 Card Text : [CONT] If the number of your other characters is two or more, this card gets +1000 power. Color : Green Cost : 0 Level : 0 Power : 2500 Rarity : C Soul : 1 Traits : Magic - Time Type : Character')
(171947, 'Overview JadedAid is a new card game for world-weary development workers to be the cynicism they want to see in the world. Our idea is simple: take the everyday frustrations of working for The Man and turn them into a prescription for fun! JadedAid was crowdfunded on Kickstarter and contains 200 crowdsourced cards that can be played alone or used in combination with similarly formatted games such as Cards Against Humanity to make the fun last longer than Mugabes rule. The Donor player will read out a red Indicator Card posing a question and Implementer players will submit their white Outcomes Cards with potential answers. The Donor picks the winner they like the best, damn the evidence (or lack thereof). The winner then becomes the Donor for the next round. You win by amassing useless Indicator Cards, just like in real life! You should always play with copious indigenous alcohol and really good friends... or whomever you can find in your village that speaks English. We love good press coverage, especially if the donor is mentioned in the first paragraph. JadedAid is no different. Enjoy what our peers say about our efforts:')

(181634, 'Kiddy Dough 6 in 1 Dough Set Kiddy Dough 6 in 1 Dough Set Includes: Pasta Maker Super Candy Shop People Factory Ice Cream Shop Animals Great gift for both boys and girls', ['for both boys and girls'], 0)

(97220, "The Chevy pickup, known for being the truck of the working man in 40's to 50's. This vehicle also benefitted from having a classic blend of comfort and style too adding to their reliable towing performance possible because of their powerful straight 6 engine. Licensed by Coca-Cola and Chevrolet this 1/43 model replica features the last year Chevy used their split-windshield alongside authentic Coca-Cola graphics which are period correct. This model also features opening hood, doors, white wall tires and tailgate and a white cooler that fits on the bed of the truck.")
(100731, "Teen Titans Go! You've played with the old guard. Now play as the youthful up-and-comers. Play as Raven, Beast Boy, Wonder Girl, Red Robin and more. The Teen Titans are all about proving themselves, and with this set you can save your best cards for when you really need them. When you're ready, unleash everything you've got and the results will be spectacular. The big new focus of the set revolves around Ongoing abilities: Cards that stay in play until you need them. Every time you put an Ongoing card into play, it essentially gives you an extra card to utilize on a future turn. Previously, only Locations and a couple of other cards could ever stay in play. Now every card type at every power level has multiple different cards with Ongoing. Sometimes they help you every turn. But mostly they stay in play until you choose to discard them for their mighty effects. If you can build up several Ongoing cards, unleash as many as you need to take down the Super-Villains! This set also pays attention to the different card types you have in play. Playing cards from your hand puts cards into play as usual. But with Ongoing cards out there, you often have several card types in play already. Such synergy!")
(194131, 'Inspired by the Missionaries of Charity, the order of nuns made known by Blessed Mother Teresa, Sister Teresa is the perfect companion for your little angel. She offers the softness and warmth every girl looks for in a doll. Sister Teresa stands at 14 inches tall. Just like all our dolls, her habit is lovingly hand crafted. She makes the perfect gift for any holy occasion. Sister Teresa is perfect for teaching young girls about the faith and helping them grow in the faith, as well as teach them about the wonderful acts of Blessed Mother Teresa. She will help foster an appreciation and love of all women of the Habit in service to our Lord. If you want to help teach your child about the wonderful acts of the Missionaries of Charity in service to others then Sister Teresa is an absolute essential.')
(182524, ' "Kids and fans alike can re-create the biggest battles and missions in the Star Wars saga with figures from The Black Series! With exquisite features and decoration, this series embodies the quality and realism that Star Wars devotees love. Snowtroopers are trained for operations in arctic conditions and equipped with specialized gear to protect them against cold. Recall moments of intense battle with this Star Wars Black Series 6-inch Snowtrooper figure that includes a signature accessory and features premium deco across multiple points of articulation. Kids and adults alike can re-create the exciting stories of good versus evil in a galaxy far, far away with this Star Wars Black Series 6-inch Snowtrooper action figure from Star Wars: Episode V, designed for iconic role play and ultimate collectability. Build an epic collection with this and other figures and vehicles from Star Wars The Black Series, each sold separately. May the Force be with you! Star Wars products are produced by Hasbro under license from Lucasfilm Ltd. Hasbro and all related terms are trademarks of Hasbro. "')
(124640, 'Officially Licensed Disney Merchandise;Featuring your favorite Disney Character Tinkerbell!;Fun Dress up time for your little princess;Great for your child or gift;Excellent Quality')
(90799, 'Convert, arm and attack with all the Transformers action you can handle! Skywarp is a teleporting flier Decepticon who can attack the Autobots out of nowhere. This Skywarp figure looks just like him and hell be a match for any Autobot who tries to take him on! Armed with a double-fisted blaster attack, he converts fast from robot mode to fighter jet mode, and no enemy can hope to escape him. Keep converting him back and forth so he can handle whatever his foes dish out! Transformers and all related characters are trademarks of Hasbro.')
(73054, 'Watch out for metal detectors with this guy. Perfect for the extreme body modificationist in your life.')
(178336, 'These are a fun addition to any event and are sure to be a party and play time favorite! The glow sticks are brand new, freshly manufactured and will provide a bright glow for 8 - 12 hours. With a long storage life of 2-3 years, you can stock up for all your events.   What makes them deluxe?   Imagine this, youve carefully planned your party only to realize that no one can keep the glow in the dark glasses on their face. Either the arms keep falling off or they slide right off their head because of a poor fit. goGlow Party glasses were specifically designed to solve these problems. With reusable connectors that lock rather than just sliding onto the glow sticks and adjustable ear pieces that are curved-not straight-to fit you properly, your guests will be wearing their glow in the dark glasses all night long!    What do you get?   100 glow sticks in 6 colors Colors: blue, green, red, yellow, orange and pink 50 reusable connectors.  Why do I have to put them together?  Glow sticks are basically 2 sets of tubes filled with liquid. When you bend the glow sticks, the inner tube breaks and the 2 liquids begin to mix and create a glowing nontoxic chemical reaction. To assemble the glasses, you have to bend the glow stick, which activates it. Dont worry, creating the glasses is fun, easy and takes just minutes. Directions are included.   Tips  For a brighter glow, put the glow sticks in warm water or the sun to supercharge them. This is will decrease the time that they will glow.  For a longer glow, put them in the freezer for before using them. This will create a less bright light.  This product is securely packaged with the glow sticks triple packed for safe shipping.  Nontoxic. This product is not suitable for children under 3 years of age (contains small parts).')
(171, "    The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition     The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition (includes blue-eyed, light skin tone boy scout elf)  Bring the Christmas magic home to your family this year! The original Elf on the Shelf set includes a magical scout elf from the North Pole and a beautiful childrens story book, all in a keepsake gift box. When you adopt this special elf and name him, he receives his Christmas magic and can fly to the North Polebut only when all girls and boys are sound asleep. At the start of each holiday season, the elf returns to his familys house to be Santas eyes and ears, and every night he travels back to the North Pole to report in. Families can register their elf online to receive an official adoption certificate and a special letter from Santa. Set includes boy elf with light skin tone.  The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition is the very special tool that helps Santa know who to put on the Naughty and Nice list. This interactive holiday hide-and-seek tradition is perfect for children and families of all ages. The tradition begins when Santa sends his scout elves out to Elf Adoption Centers. Waiting for their families to bring them home, these patient elves hibernate until their family reads The Elf on the Shelf, gives their elf a very special name, and registers their adoption online. Once named, each scout elf will receive its Christmas magic and becomes part of the family's Christmas each and every year.  Although they cannot be touched, or else they may lose their magic, the elf will always listen and relay messages back to Santa. Taking in all the day-to-day activities around the house, no good deed goes unnoticed; these scout elves take their job seriously. Before the family awakes each morning, their special scout elf will fly back to their home from the North Pole. However, since these elves like to play games, don't expect to find them in the same spot! While some like to hide in the freezer (probably because it reminds them of the North Pole) and others prefer to sit on the fireplace mantle or hang from the chandelier, these elves love to play hide-and-seek with their families. Year after year, children and adults alike are baffled by the mystery of how Santa really knows whos been naughty or nice. After much urging by the elves and Mrs. Claus, Santa has allowed his biggest secret to be revealed in The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition. At the start of each Christmas season, the elf appears to serve as Santa's eyes and ears, traveling back to the North Pole each and every night to make a detailed report of the days activities. This keepsake gift set includes a light skin, blue eyed boy North Pole pixie scout elf and a hardbound watercolor picture book. Children can register their elf online to receive an official adoption certificate and a special letter from Santa.")
(142315, 'Designed in a bold black color with a vibrant summer dress and hat theme, this diary is well constructed and has a lock and key mechanism. Give your young ones the ability to put their limitless imagination and their little secrets into words with this wonderful diary. Allow for them to earn their first bit of independence and feel mature and trusted with this secret diary that locks. Makes for the perfect gift on any occasion; school, birthday, christmas, any holiday, or just because your little one is sure to love this set.')
(61387, "Feel at home with the 2.75' Beast Boy with Refrigerator. Fridge is the perfect accessory for the kitchen in the Teen Tower and Beast Boy is the perfect size for Teen Tower play.")
(58660, "Savvi's temporary tattoos are made in the USA using vegetable inks and ingredients that are FDA and FD&C approved. The tattoos are applied with water and last for several days. They can be removed with baby oil or rubbing alcohol. This Girls Disney Princess temporary tattoo kit is the perfect gift for any princess. We have party gifts and goodies for all your party guests. No matter what your event. Be sure to find the perfect party give-a-way for everyone. Fill your goody bags with fun favors, toys, and gifts for all your guests. No matter what the age group, we can help bring smiles to their faces with all the best party favors.")
(165760, 'This colorful overnight bag is the perfect size for your little one to take along with them on long trips, or for a weekend at grandma\'s. Beautiful two-tone bag features two mesh pockets, a carrying strap, removable shoulder strap and a zippered closure. The bag features characters from Frozen. Polyester; imported. 17 1/4"L x 9"W x 10 1/2"H.')
(6570, 'Fit for a princess, the Dream Tent is pink and purple and adorned with beautiful flowers at the top. The Alex Dream Tent is 90 long and 24 in diameter. It is pink and purple tulle that comes with a bounty of flowers, garland and ribbons that the child uses to decorate and create their own beautiful play tent. The enchanting tent is perfect as a bed canopy or can be hung from a hook or tree limb to create a great tent for fantasy play. Ribbons tie back the doorway.')
(200466, 'Roar your way through life with confidence of a Bengal tiger. ROAAAARRRR! Your new cuddly soft 16? Bengal tiger will be the envy of your friends! Enjoy unparalleled softness and hugability with embroidered smile, thick plush fur, burnt orange button eyes, cute black whisker-dinkles dotting his white face, and other high quality detail. Our animals come with a reseal-able pouch on their back, allowing for access to the stuffing so you can adjust the firmness level of your furry friend. This pouch is also a great place for special treasures and is commonly used for: recordable and other sound modules, wishes, goals, family heirlooms, photos, ashes of a loved one or loved pet, money, essential oils, ultra sound recordings, heartbeat vibration modules, recorded greetings, and anything else your imagination can allow. Lovingly stuffed by caring hands in the United States. Made with high quality, durable, super soft fabrics, to ensure your stuffed animal will be huggable for years to come. Makes a great gift for Christmas, birthdays, graduation, anniversaries, life events, fundraiser, hobby, students, Valentine?s Day, Mother?s Day, gift for him, gift for her, fianc?, baby shower, weddings, dating gift, daycare provider, service men & women, and children?s activities. Customize your stuffed animal with clothing and accessories. Your new furry friend is compatible with 14?-18? Build-a-Bear, Avon, Bearfoots, Bearington, Boyds, Brass Button, Care Bears, Chantilly Lane, Cherished Teddies, Dayton Hudson, Deans, Ganz, Hallmark, Harrods, Merrythought, NABCO, Paddington, Raikes, Russ, Vermont Teddy Bears, and more!')
(189677, 'Shut the storybooks you thought you knew because at Ever After High, you can Choose Your Own Ever After! Apple White, daughter of Snow White, hopes that everyone will stick to the story and eagerly prepares for the day she will become queen and the fairest of them all. When that happily ever after arrives, she will look royally ready in this over-the-top outfit. Her long white mermaid gown features a golden print and layers of glittery sheer ruffles. A red foil cape and golden epic collar add drama, while a golden crown and golden belt complete the regal look. Fableous accessories include a golden necklace with apple red rubies, translucent earrings, "jewel"-encrusted heels and an apple-shaped handbag with quilted details. With a golden scepter in hand, she\'s ready to rule! This special doll is one to collect, with her rooted eyelashes and perfect details throughout. Also comes with a doll stand, doll hairbrush and bookmark with hexclusive content. Includes Apple White doll wearing fashion and accessories, doll stand, doll hairbrush and bookmark. Doll cannot stand alone. Colors and decorations may vary.')
(80351, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : AB/W31-E111 Card Text : AUTO When this card is placed on stage from your hand, this card gets +X power until end of turn. X is equal to 500 multiplied by the number of Student Council characters you have. Color : Yellow Cost : 1 Level : 2 Power : 8000 Rarity : C Side : W Soul : 1 Traits : Death - Student Council Trigger : 1 Type : Character')
(151702, 'This puppy lays like a soft toy, but access under the tummy into the head and mouth give added value for them to perform like a puppet. One of over 400 beautiful puppets designed by The Puppet Company. Other products in our collection include finger puppets, hand puppets, marionettes and puppet theatres!.')
(158769, 'FEATURES:   Simple push-button on/off mode selection switch   Made of high quality FDA approved acrylic   Coin Battery included   DESCRIPTION:   1.First there were party drinks,the ultimate light-up party favor!   2.This ultra-bright LED flashing cup is sure to liven up any party! Batteries included and installed.   3.These super-cool LED Beverage Cups make great gifts for any occasion or party goer, and are great for that hard-to-shop-for party person.   4.These will be the talk of the party and a must for every party goer!   5.This cup can be used for a variety of beverages, including iced tea and juices   6.Get one for everyone in your camp at Burning Man!   Package content:   2 x LED Light Up Flashing Cola Cups Glass ')
(45174, 'Buy Barbie Fairytale Magic Mermaid Barbie Doll, Blue - Barbie Fairytale Magic Doll Collection: Discover the Barbie Fairytale Magic with this beautiful mermaid doll. Complete with a glittery bodice, royal purple tiara and pink hair streaks, this mermaid know how to make a splash! Her colorful tail and fins are removable, revealing legs and feet as they are pulled off for a magical transformation. For even more fashion fun and imaginative play, girls can mix and match the tail, fins, bodice and tiara with any OPP fairy, princess or ballerina doll (sold separately). The shimmering white bodice will look delightful with any outfit, decorated with gems, flowers and undersea treasures; the tail skirts is form fitting for a mermaid effect with or without fins and decorated with a colorful design of waves and sparkles. Girls will love creating new fairy tales for this magical mermaid princess - whether on land or under the sea! Includes doll, tiara and removable bodice, tail and fins. Doll cannot stand alone. Ages 3 and older. Barbie Fairytale Magic Mermaid Doll Collection: Discover the Barbie Fairytale Magic with these beautiful mermaid dolls. Complete with glittery bodices, princess tiaras and color hair streaks, these mermaids know how to make a splash! Their colorful tails and fins are removable, revealing legs and feet as they are pulled off for a magical transformation. For even more fashion fun and imaginative play, girls can mix and match the tails, fins, bodices and tiaras with any Barbie Fairytale Magic fairy, princess or ballerina doll (sold separately). The shimmering bodices will look delightful with any outfit, decorated with gems, flowers and undersea treasures; their tail skirts are form fitting for a mermaid effect with or without fins and decorated with a colorful design of waves and sparkles. Girls will love creating new fairy tales for these magical mermaid princesses - whether on land or under the sea! Includes doll, tiara and removable bodice, tail and fins. Dolls cannot stand alone. Each sold separately. Ages 3 and older.')
(199777, '1.Erasers are in a plastic disposable packaging, but lined up so cutely. It will be a nice presentation for an actual gift for kids, especially for those who are at the age where they are just learning to write so they can finally start to use a pencil and this gives them a reason to practice! Now they wants to write and of course since they are learning they makes mistakes often. Having a cute animal themed and colorful, kid friendly eraser makes it that much more fun to learn writing letters and makes making mistakes. Children worth it.  2.Around the time children enter kindergarten, they begin to explore the art of small-scale, detailed drawing. While parents and teachers never want to discourage big and bold art, animal erasers are an ideal tool for children to use to satisfy their urge to use with colorful pencils to draw smaller, intricate shapes. A set such as this one, with 6 bright colorful animals, also gives children the chance to explore the world of color. Kids will be taught animals with the help of these animal erasers, even sound the animal makes. Overall, this is a good product sold at a fair price. Children worth it.')
(178151, "The Little Treasures 2 in 1 dinosaur projector paint set is a great set for those young dinosaur lovers in your life. Especially if they love to draw and color too. This set combines the two by providing plenty of painting fun. While offering a dinosaur designed projector that also serves as a table lamp. It is wonderfully detailed and is colored to look just like the real thing. The lamp lens is located in the dinosaur's mouth too you can adjust the aim of the light by moving the head up and down. It is almost perfectly disguised too, sitting somewhere you may not be able to even tell it is a projector lamp. The Little Treasures 2 in 1 dinosaur projector paint set comes with everything to get them started. It has 3 lantern slides, 18 patterns and 6 colored water pens. So there is plenty there to keep them busy for hours and days on end. It is also made out of durable plastic, so it can hold up to normal conditions of painting play. It is also compact enough to be easily portable. Which is great for when they need something to keep them occupied elsewhere too. When they are not using it, it will look great sitting next to the rest of their dinosaur collection for sure. They will be surprised to when they see what it can do .")
(24597, 'Its time for the horse and pony show. Sarah Lynn is all dressed up in her riding gear. She can still hold the bridle, sit in the built-in saddle and ride and jump. Then, when its time to feed and care for the horses she can load them into the trailer and head to the next competition. Good luck, Sarah Lynn. Includes Sarah Lynn the equestrian, Pony Trailer, mommy horse with built in saddle, pony, horses bridle, jumping fence. Sarah Lynn fits in the drivers seat or in the saddle. Its time for the horse and pony show. Sarah Lynn is all dressed up in her riding gear. She can still hold the bridle, sit in the built-in saddle and ride and jump. Then, when its time to feed and care for the horses she can load them into the trailer and head to the next competition. Good luck, Sarah Lynn. Includes Sarah Lynn the equestrian, Pony Trailer, mommy horse with built in saddle, pony, horses bridle, jumping fence. Sarah Lynn fits in the drivers seat or in the saddle.')
(148633, 'This listing if for a 32 piece set of HEAVY PEWTER CHESS MEN - NO BOARD. Don\'t let the height fool you on these men. They are large "heavy" men with a lot of girth. - Foam storage as shown included. - King: 3 1/2" - 10 ounces - King Shoulder Width: 1 3/4" - Queen: 3 1/4" - 9 ounces - Bishop: 3 1/8" - Knight: 3 1/16" - Rook: 2 15/16" - Pawn: 2 7/8" - Base Diameter - 1 3/8" - Total Piece Weight: - "HEAVY" - 14.5 Pounds Without Package Weights may vary slightly from set to set')

(186705, 'This fun and cute play set from Little Treasures is a fun put together farm complete with chicken and cow. Children can have fun putting together their very own farm from the building blocks provided they can make any combination they want that the farmer can use to hold and maintain his animals and prepare his farm for the coming seasons. This gift box is a great idea for any child age 3 and up that will help them learn to design and build objects that they will have fun with afterwards. Description: Included in this do it yourself farmer box set from Little Treasures is 1 farmer, 1 toy chicken, 1 toy cow, 1 toy bush, 1 toy hay bale, 1 toy fence, 2 toy flower and over 10 blocks to build a farm or animal pen with. Boys and girls can have fun together building and playing farm with their do it yourself snaps together farm set. Kids can keep the chickens from running away and make sure their cow is happy and fed.', ['Boys and girls '], 0)

(202648, 'Delight your Disney Princess and Sofia the First fan with this Disney Princess Ultimate Sticker and Coloring Book Set -- Over 500 Disney Princess Stickers, Color and Play Pages, Activity Pages and More! Delight your Disney Princess fan with this Disney Princess Ultimate Sticker and Coloring Book Set -- Over 500 Disney Princess Stickers, Ultimate Sofia the First Coloring and Sticker Book, 16 Color and Play Pages, Activity Pages and More! Disney Princess and Sofia coloring books measure approximately 8"x11". Officially licensed Sofia the First and Disney Princess toys and games products. Includes Color and Play pages -- follow the instructions to create a magical 3D version of your coloring masterpiece using the free Disney Color and Play App. Great gift for your favorite Disney Princess enthusiast! This coloring and activity book set will provide many hours of learning and fun with Disney Princess stickers! Perfect as Disney Princess party supplies and party favors.')

(170800, "Make aspiring wrestling superstars feel extra special at your child's WWE-themed birthday party with a champion award belt! Perfect to wear as part of a costume or for a birthday boy to wear on his special day!", ['for a birthday boy '], -1)

(193526, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : LH/SE20-PE04 Color : Blue Power : 2000 Rarity : PR Side : S')

(31352, 'Grow Some Balls is a cheeky novelty toy that grows in water! They will grow up to 600% bigger and can be left to try and re-used. These tiny testicles come in funny blister packaging and measure approx 3.5 cm x 3 cm before putting them in water. This makes a great novelty gift idea for men and teens!Warning: Not for children, keep out of reach.Min Age: 16 Years', ['for men and teens!'], -1)

(928, 'Carnival in Venice. The players take on the roles of secret agents, disappearing into the wild, festive confusion behind the masks of carnival intent on fulfilling a secret mission. But first, they have to identify their partner, for only together can they find out which mission awaits them. But who is this partner? At each encounter, you learn little bit more, piecing together information while you try to avoid misdirection and heading on the wrong track. Carnival in Venice. The players take on the roles of secret agents, disappearing into the wild, festive confusion behind the masks of carnival - intent on fulfilling a secret mission. But first, they have to identify their partner, for only together can they find out which mission awaits them. But who is this partner? At each encounter, you learn a little bit more, piecing together information while you try to avoid misdirection and heading on the wrong track.')
(142491, 'From Good Smile Company. From the popular anime series LoveLive! comes a Nendoroid of Honoka Kosaka wearing her training outfit with the large "Ho" character printed on the front. She comes with two different expressions including an energetic smile as well as a more comical flustered expression. She also comes with a variety of arm and leg parts allowing you to pose per practicing in all various different ways. Bread parts are also included allowing you to pose her munching on her favorite food after a hard day\'s training. A special "holding hands" hand part is also included for use with the "Ima wa Bokura no Naka de" LoveLive! Nendoroid series. The other \'s members are also going to be joining the Nendoroid series in their training outfits, so be sure to look out for them too!')
(124176, 'Our new full body, performance quality, ventriloquist doll style puppets feature an incredibly easy moving mouth. They also come with a metal arm control rod. For those who have no idea what that means (dont worry, alot of people ask!) the rod is a thin metal "wand" that simply clips to either hand for movement. This is how Muppet and Sesame Street type puppets are operated. Simply insert your hand into the slot in the puppet\'s back to operate the mouth. By opening and closing your hand the puppet\'s mouth will move.  Bodies are poly-fill stuffed and soft making them light-weight. They weigh in at about 1 pound. These puppets are very durable and are made to last a lifetime.   The puppet comes completely dressed as shown (clothing may vary slightly due to fabric availability). Clothes are removable and this puppet wears child size 18 months.   Our new 25" puppets are highly recommended for both beginners and experienced puppeteers. Their mouths are so easy to move and wont hurt your hand making them perfect for puppet ministry, school performances, talent shows, drama, theater, therapy, good clean fun at home, and more! Give them a try and we promise you wont be disappointed!  Recommended for ages 5 and up. Children under this age would enjoy having an adult or older child operate it and put on the show for them.')
(178148, 'The Little Treasures Projector Painting Set offers a lot in a small package. If you are looking for something that is portable and space saving for your young artist, this is a great choice. This set offers a cartoon giraffe designed projector powered by batteries. The lamp folds out during use and folds back down when not in use. It stands up on any flat surface while in use while open or closed. It also comes with 3 lantern slides that provide a total of 18 patterns for them to enjoy. To get your young one started it also has 6 colored water pens included. The Little Treasures Projector Painting Set has a projector that projects the patterns on the lantern wheels onto paper. Giving the artist a great and easy way to trace the pattern provided. Then they can add to it or color it any way they would like. Since the projector folds up to a compact design it makes it great for when on the go. Since it is smaller in size it is great to use in small areas when drawing area is limited. It is bright green in color making it easy to recognize in a busy area. Since there are small parts this set is recommended for ages 3 and older. You can also provide your own paper with this kit also which is great.')
(86483, 'Introduce your child to baking and whip up an adorable farm animal themed treat with this kit designed to get kids excited not only for eating dessert, but making it too. The cow shaped mold allows your child to build a cake that cant be found in grocery stores, while the child-friendly appliances and a cow timer make it easy for them to bake right along with you. Perfect for beginning bakers, the cow pie kit is sure to help your child create delicious goodies for the whole family to enjoy.')
(35928, 'Peter Sam is a happy, hardworking engine with a unique funnel that he loves. This motorized Peter Sam engine for the TrackMaster Motorized Railway allows your child to push Peter Sam along or flip the switch to watch him speed ahead by himself. Motorized train track play is compatible with all TrackMaster track sets (sold separately). Requires 1 AA battery. Peter Sam is a happy, hardworking engine with a unique funnel that he loves. This motorized Peter Sam engine for the TrackMaster Motorized Railway allows your child to push Peter Sam along or flip the switch to watch him speed ahead by himself. Motorized train track play is compatible with all TrackMaster track sets (sold separately). Requires 1 AA battery.')
(76683, 'Ideal for the  Spider Man fan in the house comes this ultra cool backpack.\nFeatures front and main compartments,  and padded and adjustable back straps.\nMeasures approximately 15 in x 11 in and is made of canvas material.\nMeasurement Approximately 15 x 11  Inches\nLunch Bag 9.5x7.5 in\nZipper Main Compartment\nOfficial Licensed Product')
(29160, " Air Support for the PLASTIC ARMY MEN in on the way. The Tim Mee Hercules C-130 Gunship was the King of cheap American Made plastic toys on store shelves of days gone by. It's a lot more expensive now, largely due to it being so LARGE and how shipping is calculated these days, but it's still manufactured in the United States and available as this 27 piece playset. Set includes the 2 foot wingspan Hercules Gunship, 2 dozen M16 Soldier figures, an American flag with base, and a bonus M48 Patton Tank. The airplane is modeled after the Lockheed AC-130 and features spinning propellers, rolling wheels with metal axles, cockpit entrance door, rear access loading ramp, dual barrel turret, and 3 pivoting machine guns. The wingspan measures 26.5 inches across, the fuselage 24.5 inches long, and stands 10 inches tall to top of tail. The aircraft and tank are made from slightly stiff olive-green color HDPE plastic with some flashing. The soldiers are made from slightly flexible LDPE olive-green plastic with very little flashing. The flag stands 2.75 inches tall with a gray base and sticker flag. The plane and tank are 1:48 scale and the figures are approximately 1:35 scale. The first version of this aircraft was produced by PROCESSED PLASTIC COMPANY (Tim Mee's parent company) in 1990 and modeled after the C-130 Cargo Plane. The tooling was later modified to create the AC-130 Gunship version seen here. The Hercules may be the most impressive PLASTIC ARMY MEN vehicle of all time. Playset arrives packaged in a plain brown box optimized for shipping directly to you. These are real American Made toys, meant to be set up, knocked over, picked up and played with for years to come. Snap-together assembly requires some hand strength, so adult assembly is recommended. You'll find an assembly video using a google search for HERCULES REISSUE ASSEMBLY VIDEO. Recommended for ages 5 and up.")
(125537, 'The Hot Wheels Track Builder system offers the ultimate track experience for kids by allowing them to design, create and customize their very own track challenge. Using a variety of stunts, track layout options and key Track Essentials that all work together within the Track Builder system-or connect to existing sets-kids can be the masters of their own track. Grow the excitement in your track world with a pack that includes a variety of pieces designed for building. This collection also includes a variety of non-motorized kid-activated launchers- including pull-back and gravity launchers-paired with a fun variety of track pieces for dynamic racing options. Get ready to take on challengers or race around obstacles. Each system includes one Hot Wheels vehicle so the fun starts straight out of the box. If you can dream it, you can build it with Track Builder! Each sold separately.')
(136240, "Bring home the Frozen fun! The Disney Frozen Talking Bean Plush Marshmallow is the perfect gift for every Frozen fan! This snow monster is made with super soft fabrics and when you press his belly, he says sounds and phrases straight from the movie! Marshmallow's collectible small size is perfect for playing out your own Frozen adventures or displaying him for all to see! Collect all the Disney Frozen Bean Plush friends including: Anna, Elsa, Olaf, Sven, and Marshmallow. Each character sold separately. Ages 3+")
(189952, 'This exciting game set series brings basketball shootouts to the comfort of your very own homes. Little Treasures has included in this play package an exciting and cool designed game board that lets kids square off against one another to see who can get the most baskets. They must keep score and shout out their baskets to show how good they are doing and intimidate their opponent. Fun for children ages 4 and up this basketball shoot out play set will bring endless hours of exciting basketball themed fun to the play room of your children. Description: This basketball shootout play set includes 2 player sides, 2 ball launchers, 10 basketballs, 1 backboard divider and 4 plastic nets. The game board is simply assembled to face head to head so kids can see their opponent as they fire away to get the most baskets. A fun time for children ages 4 and older this game will help build hand eye coordination while encouraging them to develop a love for the great game of basketball. Fun for friends and family but also able to be enjoyed alone kids can practice their skills and ready themselves for the next tournament.')
(184319, 'The set includes 12 Colorful Princess Party Tiaras Assorted Colors, 12 Sparkling Sequin Star Wand 8-inch long, 2 coloring papers, 4 crayons great for your little princes, Perfect for girls fairy princess Party Favors This collection of acrylic princess tiaras features a dynamic array of pearl-like stones in a variety of colors.')
(214038, " Elevate Your Pool Lounging Experience Take this incredibly giant Pegasus float to the pool and lounge next to your friends. Does it get any better than that? Or bring your favorite book, lay back, and soak up those gentle sun rays that youve been waiting for all winter. Turn Heads With Your Unique Party Friend Let's be real when you walk into a pool party with a mythological Pegasus in tow all eyes are on you. Get ready to answer some fun and inquisitive questions about your Greek pal. Perfect Gift for the Kids Just show this giant inflatable raft to the kids and watch them go crazy! Incredibly fun, this gigantic floatie will keep your kids entertained for hours. Able to hold up to 400lbs, you can rest assured that multiple children can safely enjoy the ride. Premium Quality Materials Made of premium quality, heavy duty, 3mm Vinyl, this is a sturdy pool raft that promises to last for endless hours of fun in the water. Fuss-Free Inflation Featuring upgraded inflation valves that allow for 10 times faster inflation than regular valves, this amazing pool toy will be ready in seconds and save you the time, breath and trouble of manual pumping.")
(192613, " Virtual Explorer: Where Real and Virtual Play Connect  The Virtual Explorer is an interactive, integrated 4-in-1 system that combines exciting virtual reality and augmented reality technology with hands-on activities and real STEM learning! Antopia Adventure  Go on an amazing journey to the underground world of ants, combining 4 different ways to explore into one unique experience! Use the classic Ant Farm habitat to see live ants dig tunnels and build mountains as you explore the underground world of ants. It's break-resistant, and escape-proof. Order live ants online!  Use the explorer activity guide poster with your live ant habitat to learn about ant behaviors, anatomy and more. Find answers to each activity and match them with the VR and AR cards which then unlock exciting virtual adventures! Use the high-quality virtual reality goggles with your smart phone and the free app to take expeditions through an underground ant colony. Just scan the VR cards and unlock realistic VR experiences as you observe and learn about the underground world of ants. The VR goggles also work with many other VR apps. Scan the 3D augmented reality cards with your VR goggles and watch as interactive 3D model images of different types of ants come to life in your hand! Includes 9 different augmented reality cards. NOTE: cards are required to unlock VR and AR experiences in app.   What’s In The Box  Includes virtual reality (VR) headset, free app, 9 augmented reality and VR cards, Ant Farm live ant habitat kit, and explorer activity guide poster Smartphone Compatibility Requirements   Requires a compatible iOS or Android smart phone (not included) as follows. Screen Size:  Requires smartphones with width between 2 7/8 and 3 inches and length between 4  and 6 1/8 inches long Minimum Operating System:  iOS (Apple): 8.4 or newer  Android: 4.3 or newer  To test compatibility of your smartphone, try downloading the free Virtual Explorer app to your phone before purchasing the product. Recommended Smartphones:  Works best with Phone 6+, Samsung Galaxy S6, Motorola Moto X (2014), HTC One, iPhone 6, Samsung Galaxy S5, Motorola Droid Turbo, Nexus 5, iPhone 5s, LG G4, iPhone 5c*, LG G3, iPhone 5* *Note: Virtual Explorer app may not be optimized for these models About Uncle Milton  Since 1946, Uncle Milton has created innovative products that inspire imagination and learning while encouraging kids to explore and discover their world. Satisfaction Guaranteed")

(86145, 'This awesome Dragon Pinata will set the party on fire! Makes a fun party game for a Knights Party or any boys birthday. This pinata measures 10 inches high by 12 inches long by 9 inches deep and can be filled with up to 2lbs of toys and candy. Kit includes (1) pinata, (1) 2lb filler, (1) buster stick and (1) blindfold. Pinata filler includes 2 lbs. of Assorted Fruit Barrels, Tootsie Rolls, Jawbreakers-Hot Shots, Assorted Flavor Lollipops, Smarties Packets, Smarties Rolls, Bubble Gum, Fruit Dandies, Bubble Gum Filled Toys and Assorted Plastic Toys. 18 inches long Buster Stick is made of wood and decorated with multicolored fringed tissue paper. Blindfold comes in assorted colors, measures approx. 3.25 inches by 7 inches and is made of tissue paper and elastic band.', ['for a Knights Party or any boys '], -1)

(150090, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : AOT/S35-E004 Card Text : ?CONT? If the number of cards in your stock is two or less, this card gets +1500 power. Color : Yellow Cost : 0 Level : 0 Power : 2500 Rarity : R Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Corps Weapon Type : Character')
(150516, "Butterfly Kit: Painted Lady Butterflies 5 Painted Lady Butterfly Caterpillars with food, supplies and easy instructions and pop up net cage with zipper. Collapses for storage. Order ANY time of year- a Fun Winter Project! Instructions included how to keep butterflies inside for their life cycle. Comes with: 5 caterpillars sent now, food, Mister, butterfly feeder, sugar, eye dropper, net cage, easy instructions, life cycle coloring page. Guaranteed! We guarantee 3 caterpillars to become happy adult butterflies. You can release them outside after observing them if its over 50 degrees. Please DO NOT ORDER if below 40 degrees or above 85 degrees in your area. Our live arrival guaranty will be void if ordered during these temperatures. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR CHECKING TEMPERATURES IN YOUR AREA to be sure your caterpillars arrive alive. **common questions****Q: Can I order butterflies during the winter? A: Yes! If it is below 55 degrees outside, keep the butterflies in the Habitat for their full lifespan of 2 to 4 weeks instead of releasing them outside. We include a butterfly feeder for you. Do not order if it is below 40 in your area. Q: My caterpillars are not moving. Are they dead? A: Probably not, it may take days before they decide to move. We guarantee at least 3 caterpillars from each Cup will develop into perfect butterflies, so don't worry. Q: Can I remove the Cup lid and play with the caterpillars? A: No. Removing the lid may introduce harmful bacteria. They have all the food and air they need to develop. Q: How long before I have butterflies? A: Approximately 3 weeks: 5 to 10 days in the caterpillar stage and 7 to 10 days in the chrysalis stage. Q: How long will the butterflies live? A: Their normal life span is 2 to 4 weeks in the wild or in the Habitat. Q: When should I release my adult butterflies? A: After observing the adult butterflies for a few days you can release them if the temperature is above 55 degrees")

(109856, 'IT MAKES A PERFECT GIFT    This adorable Kids Teepee makes a PERFECT Birthday Present for a Little Boy or a Little Girl. It also works great for Kid\'s Sleepover Parties, or a Play House for Luxury Playroom Decor.      AMERICAN QUALITY    This Kid\'s Teepee is Made in USA from USA sourced Materials. All seams, raw fabric edges and openings are reinforced for your Child\'s Safety, Durability and Years of Play. Wooden poles are sanded to prevent splinters.      THIS TEEPEE IS SPACIOUS AND EVERYTHING IS INCLUDED    This is a complete Play Teepee. It includes a durable Cotton Canvas Teepee cover, 8x36" Wooden sections that connect to form 4x72" Poles and Quick Assembly Sheet. This spacious Teepee is 48" Wide, 48" Deep, 50" Inside Height and 60" Overall Height.      BEWARE OF DANGEROUS IMITATIONS    Our Teepees are Made in USA from locally sourced materials and do NOT contain any Toxic Chemicals, Harsh Fire-retardants and Safety Hazards that are Commonly Found in Teepees from China. Ask yourself if a few dollars in savings worth the Safety of Your Child?      YOUR CHILD WILL ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS TEEPEE    We Guarantee It! If for any reason your Little One does not think It\'s The Best Present Ever, our American Customer Service Fairies will take it back, no questions asked.', ['for a Little Boy or a Little Girl.'], 0)
(185455, 'Kids will love to get involved with household chores if they have some items that belong just to them. Getting your kid their own set of dishes and cups that they are responsible for will make them feel like an active member of the household. This wonderful play set is a perfect starter for any little girl age 3 or higher. Including 2 different shades of pink for the cups and a pretty 2 tone serving pitcher this Kitchen play set from Little Treasures is an excellent gift idea', ['for any little girl '], 1)

(212912, 'Farm animals play hide & seek. Who wants to help search for them? two entertaining game ideas provide diverse educational opportunities. Eagle eyes and an elephant memory win this farm theme hide & seek game. Winning is fun, losing not so much. But both belong together - in life and in play. Playing is fun and offers variety. Playing teaches patience. Playing lets us be Happy for other players and learn to get over our own defeats. Playing also incidentally and unconsciously trains concentration, memory, reaction skills and lots more. Everyone who plays has the chance to win - in every new round of the game or in life in general.')
(9597, 'You might see these people on any street. A man is bending over to pick up something. A woman is waving "hi." A man walks down the street with his cane and a strong, young man, clad in a muscle shirt stands looking around. A woman is out for a walk and a man leans against a wall. Complete your scene and bring it to life with affordable works of art in N scale. Sculpted in fine detail and hand-painted, they add color, humor and interest to any layout. Scenic Accents figures have a natural charm and a realistic appearance that steal the show! Economy packages also available in N scale. Attach with Scenic Accents Glue and position with Gentle Grips.')

(57671, 'This listing is for a Disney Princess - Sparkling Belle doll.  A great Christmas gift for any little girl!', ['for any little girl!'], 1)
(191619, 'Do you have a little girl who is overwhelmed with imagination? Then have her write down her emotions and daze off into her world of imagination by writing in this special Snowflake Princess Diary. This secret diary is especially designed for secret journeys with Snowflake Princess and Snowy.', ['a little girl '], 1)

(108281, 'Thumb Tip for big men di Fatta Quality magic products designed and crafted to amaze your family and friends. Combine this with other effects to create your own magic show.')
(213547, 'Pretty pink kitty cat will be the main meow in your life! You can never have too much nuzzle time with this beautiful and fluffy blue eyed pink cat! Your new cuddly soft 16? black cat will be the envy of your friends! Enjoy unparalleled softness and hugability with blue button eyes, thread pink nose, embroidered pink mouth, white accent fluffy fur, pink tail, white ear accents, white paw pads, and thick pink plush fur. Our animals come with a reseal-able pouch on their back, allowing for access to the stuffing so you can adjust the firmness level of your furry friend. This pouch is also a great place for special treasures and is commonly used for: recordable and other sound modules, wishes, goals, family heirlooms, photos, ashes of a loved one or loved pet, money, essential oils, ultra sound recordings, heartbeat vibration modules, recorded greetings, and anything else your imagination can allow. Lovingly stuffed by caring hands in the United States. Made with high quality, durable, super soft fabrics, to ensure your stuffed animal will be huggable for years to come. Makes a great gift for Christmas, birthdays, graduation, anniversaries, life events, fundraiser, hobby, students, Valentine?s Day, Mother?s Day, gift for him, gift for her, fianc?, baby shower, weddings, dating gift, daycare provider, service men & women, and children?s activities. Customize your stuffed animal with clothing and accessories. Your new furry friend is compatible with 14?-18? Build-a-Bear, Avon, Bearfoots, Bearington, Boyds, Brass Button, Care Bears, Chantilly Lane, Cherished Teddies, Dayton Hudson, Deans, Ganz, Hallmark, Harrods, Merrythought, NABCO, Paddington, Raikes, Russ, Vermont Teddy Bears, and more!')
(15992, 'Cottontail Rabbit Grandparents include Grandfather Winston and Grandmother Lauren. These critters are easily the most adorable grandparents in Cloverleaf Corners, with glasses that can be put on and taken off and a lace shawl for the grandma. Grandfather Winston and Grandmother Lauren Cottontail are active and full of energy. He jogs every morning and works out in a gym, while she is busy volunteering and participating in community life. They both love to spend time with their grandchildren and always have wonderful gifts for them. The Cottontail Rabbit Grandparents is a part of the Calico Critters Collection by International Playthings. Cottontail Rabbit Grandparents is for use with Calico Critters doll houses and furniture, other similarly sized doll houses, or just for creative play! Grandfather Winston and Grandmother Lauren Cottontail are active and full of energy. He jogs every morning and works out in a gym, while she is busy volunteering and participating in community life. They both love to spend time with their grandchildren and always have wonderful gifts for them.')
(67981, 'Each of these fantastic classic banner party packs includes a 9ft foil prismatic banner, 2 packs of confetti & an assortment of 6 balloons in 3 colours including royal blue, pale blue & white all featuring a stylish blue & silver circle pattern design. Perfect for celebrating a 50th Birthday in style these stylish decorations are fantastic for any Birthday party and will look great wherever you use them.')
(163304, 'Mini Doll outfits For Prince   Notice:We Only sale Doll Clothes in here, not include Doll   Package: 3pcs/set Prince Outfits   Shipping: ship from China,Get it in 8-15 days to US.   Made by ebuddy, Leading Doll Clothes Manufacturer. ')
(81234, 'In the battle against evil, Captain America needs every advantage he can get. That\'s why he armed himself with an incredible array of interlocking weapons and gear. No matter the mission, Captain America makes sure he\'s prepared for whatever battle throws at him. Packing the right tool for every job, there\'s no challenge too tough for the First Avenger! Features:  10" Captain America Action Figure with Talking  Recon Rangefinder with Blaster Mode (3 mini-shields included)')
(32155, "Mole Miner - light up keychain  Mini mole miner keychain with lights. A sweet little mining mole for novelty fun. This adorable mole will keep your keys safe so you won't have to go mining in your pockets for them. This keychain is shaped like a cute mole, complete with mining helmet and pick. Push his tail to light up his LED helmet. Will also work as a handy keychain torch. Contains two button batteries.")
(130346, 'Serve and protect your city! Patrol the streets and keep an eye out for the bad guys! Fifteen cool pieces in one pack! Each vehicle is loaded with realistic details like rolling wheels and true-to-life decos! Comes complete with a specialty police transport bus, two police rescue trucks, two exclusive police hook and ladder rescue trucks a realistic looking service station, plus a variety of assorted street signs. Everything you need to Patrol in once awesome set! Recommended for Ages 3+. Made of sturdy plastic and die cast metal.')
(29439, "The only thing better than an adorable little pet is an adorable little pet that moves! The food dish and brush in the Tail-Waggin' Zoe Trent set bring your Zoe Trent dog pet to life. When you brush her, she bats her big eyes and perks up her ears because she's so happy! She loves to eat in her dog house, and when you put her in it and push her food dish toward her, she wags her little tail. Get the magic of puppy motion with the Tail-Waggin' Zoe Trent set! Collect your fave Littlest Pet Shop pets and play digitally! Now you can take your Littlest Pet Shop collection everywhere you go with the Littlest Pet Shop App! It's a fun and free way for girls to play games with and keep track of their favorite Littlest Pet Shop pets. Each Sweetest Littlest Pet Shop pack includes a pet collector token that brings your sweet pets into your virtual world. Just download the free app from the App Store or Google Play to your smartphone, then use the app to scan the token and start collecting! Watch your collection grow and grow with every pet you add! Learn more at www.littlestpetshop.com. Ask a parent first. In-game micro-transactions available but not necessary. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc. Copyright 2012 Gameloft. All Rights Reserved. Gameloft and the Gameloft logo are trademarks of Gameloft in the US and/or other countries. For Sweetest Littlest Pet Shop toy availability in your country, visit http://gameloft.com/lps and scan your 1st token. Littlest Pet Shop and all related characters are trademarks of Hasbro. Littlest Pet Shop toys feature trendy little pets with big personalities. They're sassy, silly and all-around adorable pets that girls love to collect. With so many quirky cute pets to choose from, girls can build fun collections that are just as unique as they are. Whether you love to collect and display or create your own stories, there's a pet for every girl. Add lots of pets to your collection with a collection pack, or play and display with LPS playsets. Love to stylize your pets? Many pets come with trendy accessories and other fun additions for you to customize your pet play - your way. Littlest Pet Shop brand is home to hundreds of cute pets and fun playsets designed just for them. With a TV show and mobile app, there are even more ways to love your LPS pets. Join jet-setting pet-sitter Blythe and 7 of her pet friends on their adventures in the Littlest Pet Shop television show on the Hub. Download the LPS app from the App Store or Google Play and keep an eye out for Sweetest Littlest Pet Shop packs that contain compatible pet collector tokens to take your collection to the next digital level. Visit www.littlestpetshop.com for more details. Littlest Pet Shop and all related characters are trademarks of Hasbro. In-game micro-transactions available but not necessary. Account required to download the LPS App. Ask a parent first. LPS App and collected pets accessible subject to App terms and conditions. Check App description and terms for details. LPS App not available in all languages. Languages supported include: English, French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Russian, Chinese, Japanese and Korean. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc. Copyright 2012 Gameloft. All Rights Reserved. Gameloft and the Gameloft logo are trademarks of Gameloft in the US and/or other countries. Local availability of Sweetest Littlest Pet Shop toys including the tokens will start from January 2013 and may vary according to country.")
(7244, 'CineQuest.com has teamed with Diamond Select Toys and Moore Action Collectibles to produce a special Willow & Tara "Together Forever" Set, featuring variant figures of everyone\'s favorite Wiccan couple, Willow Rosenberg and Tara Maclay. \n\nWillow & Tara Together Forever CineQuest.com Exclusive Set - This two-pack blister carded set contains variant figures based on Sunnydales resident Wiccans  and fan-favorite couple  Willow Rosenberg (Alyson Hannigan) and Tara Maclay (Amber Benson), painted as they appeared in the spine-tingling Season 4 episode, Hush in which they begin to show feelings for one another. The set comes with a purse, love candle, mortar and pestle, wooden floor base, and a mini figure of the couples beloved cat, Miss Kitty Fantastico. \n\nWillow and Tara were one of the first long-term lesbian couples in prime-time television history. They inspired fans throughout their run on Buffy with their clear love for one another and with how the show treated them - as a normal couple who happened to be gay.')
(73658, "Barbie doll loves hanging with her sisters, and to celebrate their special bonds, she devotes one whole special day just for them -- Sisters' Fun Day! Watch the Barbie Life in the Dreamhouse special, then play out your favorite sister stories with Barbie doll and her sisters! These sets of two dolls allow for a sisterly bond and great storytelling right out of the box (sold separately). Choose from Barbie and Chelsea dolls enjoying silly time during a sweet ice cream social; Barbie and Stacie dolls finding adventure at a game; and Barbie and Skipper dolls ready to rock at a music concert. Each doll is dressed in a fabulous outfit that blends her unique style with on-trend fashion touches, like pink fuzzy trim, bold graphics and leopard print. Amazing accessories, like an ice cream cone, a VIP badge or a drink cup, help to expand the fashion fun and themed storytelling play. Collect them all to expand the possibilities and the sisterly fun! Each pair sold separately. Colors and decorations may vary. Dolls cannot stand alone. Ages 3 and older.")

(47406, 'This super soft George would be a great snuggle buddy for any child. Take him along on trips, to the zoo, library for reading time or when just watching him on TV.', ['for any child.'], 0)

(171166, "Your child will be so excited to unwrap this toy and start to be a fire fighter the multiple tracks give the kids a chance to play different games, imagining different ways that a fire response truck can get to the site of the fire. The amazing dinosaur on the track is a great secondary surprise - the electric rail moves the car quickly through the track in the fashion that the kids prefer. Bidirectional traffic is possible with this fire response toy learning how to operate a working and important fire response station is a thrill that children love. This toy makes a great gift, especially at the holiday season. With the electrical track and electric rail car, the toy feels very modern and automated, which kids get very excited about children who have an opportunity to build the toy with a parent or an adult also learn how to structure a building operation. This toy has sixty one pieces that the kids can get involved in assembling and this is an excellent way for them to learn organization, patience and logic. The toy is rated for children aged three years old and older. It can be used for more than one child at a time, or one child can happily play with the toy. Play with a real fire station, where alarms are received, cars are cared for, and fueled up. Drive through a dinosaur on the track this is a great imagination tool and gets kids very excited. Multiple levels of track, including a covered bridge, will make your child's imagination soar. There's not much that can't be discovered using the extreme fire and rescue toy set.")
