(44445, 'Clear Scraps Translucent Plastic Stencil is use all kinds of projects including for adding creative designs with paints inks chalks misters and many other mediums to a paper project. This package contains one 6 x 6 Inch stencil. Each sold separately. Made in USA.', [], 0)
(131402, 'Get every single Double Crisis card right here! No need to hassle yourself looking for them, grab them now for a great price!', [], 0)
(31988, ' The perfect addition to any Sleeping Beauty dress up collection! These play heels are perfect for any princess in training and feature pink faceted gem detailing, an official Disney Princess cameo, and pink bows! Recommended Ages:3 - 6 The perfect addition to any Sleeping Beauty dress up collection. These play heels are perfect for any princess in training and feature pink faceted gem detailing, an official Disney Princess cameo and pink bows.', ['for any princess '], 1)
(84734, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : PD/S22-E075b Color : Red Cost : 0 Level : 0 Power : 0 Rarity : CC Side : S Soul : 0 Trigger : 2 Soul Type : Climax', [], 0)
(166136, "                SAM Labs is the most innovative and friendly construction kit for 7-14 year olds to learn coding, engineering and technology. Whether you’re a coding newbie, or an eager programmer, SAM Labs offers the fastest way to create interactive systems and smart inventions through fun and educative play. By seamlessly integrating hardware, software and the internet, SAM gives anyone the tools to shape the future of the Internet of Things (IoT).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           SAM make                    The SAM Make kit is perfect for ages 10+ to create toys, interactive games and working machines in minutes with no coding and wiring.     Packed with 8 wireless blocks, including a rotating Servo and lightning fast DC Motor, you can make things move, spin and react. Start with the robocar in the box, see it zooming at every tweet and be ready to see your creativity unleashed after just minutes of play. Wireless blocks:  2 BUTTONS to trigger anything,   2 LED RGB LIGHTS to light up your inventions,   1 SERVO to rotate 180 degrees,   1 SLIDER to smoothly control anything,   1 TILT SENSOR to detect movement,   1 DC MOTOR because we like to move it, move it!    Accessories:  2 Micro USB charging cables,   1 Bluetooth 4.0 dongle,   Starter activity accessories and in-app guide to build an Internet-connected car. With countless projects, you’ll never wear out. Become friendly with the app and out little blocks and dive right into endless play. The world is waiting for your ideas! Creativity and curiosity shape successful fun. Used in STEM curricula all over the world, the SAM kits are preparing children for the future allowing them to master coding and engineering through imaginative and constructive play. Whether you’re a coding newbie or an eager programmer, SAM is the perfect way to unleash your inner genius! Start with the activities in the box, it will be minutes before you experience your first Eureka! moment. The app is where the magic happens. Simply “connect the dots” to team up the wireless blocks and link them to the Internet. Without any coding you will change hues, speeds, spins and tones of your inventions in seconds. ”The original inspiration for SAM arose when my younger brother Samuel came over one night to cook for me during exams. He was surprised that all I had eaten for a week straight was noodles. He was frustrated and said, “you know cooking is not as hard as people think…” Slowly hiding the pasta I was about to prepare, I agreed.  While he gave me fantastic advice on my diet, being an engineer, I was the one that had to help him when he had ideas for new products, apps or tried to fix something in his flat.  After the third flat visit in one week, I told him “you know Sam, engineering is not as hard as people think…” It was in that moment I realised, that just like there are simple ingredients to make a meal, I needed to create a way to make the ingredients for any app, product or hack.  Samuel inspired me to get to work on a technology that simplifies engineering so that we could give the powers of engineering to anyone that has an idea for an invention.  I named my company SAM Labs after him, and we’ve been delivering people the ingredients to whip up any invention since 2015.” “We designed the most innovative construction kit to give everyone the skills to shape the future with delightful technology. Our friendly and intuitive app allows inventors of age 7+ to play and create with electronics and the internet without the hurdles of wires, soldering and complex code. The SAM construction kits are the first toolsets able to unleash everyone’s creativity, from the beginners to the experts. By combining electronics  and web technology in a friendly, smart and accessible ecosystem, you are able . Join the SAMily and be part of a world where everyone has the skills to make the internet of things everybody's thing.” “What makes startups special is the incredible rate of change, the way everyone make things happen on a daily basis. Trying, iterating, getting out and meeting people: constant motion is how we thrive.”", ['for 7-14 year olds '], 0)
(88720, "This is a pair of Pre-Mounted Badlands tires. Are you ready to terrorize the terrain below? if so, then the Badlands 1:8 Buggy tire is for you! the Badlands tire offers Motocross style tread for adrenaline pumping 1:8 off-road gas buggies. Its oversized grass and dirt shredding lugs offer you the ultimate in performance under any all-terrain Type condition. The lugs are designed to ensure longevity while spitting up the surface below. Made from the durable XTR compound, the Badlands tire is poised for battle and ready to take your 1:8 Buggy to the next level. Now the iconic Badlands tire is Pre-Mounted on velocity V2 white wheels so you don't have to worry about gluing your own tires or waiting for them to dry. All you need to do is slap them on your Buggy and get to ripping up the dirt!.", ['for you!'], 0)
(38761, 'Make a web and carry what you need on your journey as the Amazing Spider-man with this backpack by Fast forward for boys.', ['for boys.'], -1)
(55514, "Flashing Panda's 8 oz LED Light-Up Rocks / Whisky Glass, (part of our Light-Up Barware collection,) the ultimate light-up party and bar favor! Imagine holding a luminous drink cup in your hand, where the whole cup, and the beverage inside, spin with many colorful lights! This light-up 10 ounce glass is made of a high quality, safe, clear acrylic, with replaceable batteries. Three color LEDs, one red, one blue, and one green, light up the entire glass and the beverage. This super-bright LED Drink Ware Flashing Rocks / Whisky Glass is sure to liven up any party or event! These will be the talk of the party and a must for every party goer! Blinkie lights help identify your drink at the party or at the bar, as well as provide a valuable safety beacon at an outdoor event! Get one for everyone in your group! The perfect playa cup. Holds a variety of beverages. Blinkie lights help identify your drink in the dark, as well as providing a valuable safety beacon at an outdoor event! Get one for everyone in your camp at Burning Man! Easy to replace button style batteries are included and pre-installed, and will make this cup last for a long long time. The bottom cap which houses the electronics pops off for safe and easy cleaning of the cup, and making it dishwasher safe.", ['for everyone '], 0)
(33564, 'Kit includes (1) pinata, (1) 2lb filler, (1) buster stick and (1) bandana. Pinata measures 16 inches tall by 20 inches long by 3.75 inches deep. 3D Pirate Ship Pinata features 3 windows to get a peek at the candy and toys found inside the pinata! Pinata filler includes 2 pounds of Assorted Fruit Barrels, Tootsie Rolls, Jawbreakers-Hot Shots, Assorted Flavor Lollipops, Smarties Packets, Smarties Rolls, Bubble Gum, Fruit Dandies, Bubble Gum Filled Toys and Assorted Plastic Toys. 18 inches long Pinata Buster Stick is made of wood and is decorated with colorful tissue paper. Bandana comes in assorted colors (our choice please), measures 20" by 20" and is 100% polyester. Use bandana to blindfold player before hitting pinata Pirate Ship Pinata makes a great decoration and fun party game for a boy\'s birthday on the pirates theme.', ['for a boy\'], -1)
(154915, 'This listing is for a brand new 32pc set of hand painted chess men with board. Pieces are constructed out of solid resin, hand painted and have felt bottoms. Board features an artificial mosaic design over solid mdf wood core.Board: 17" x 17" x 1/2" Thick - Playing surface: 14" x 14" - Playing squares: 1 3/4" - King: 3 1/4" - Queen: 3 1/8"Bishop: 3" - Knight: 2 7/8" - Rook: 2 3.4" - Pawn: 2 5/8" - Base Diameter - 1" - Total Piece Weight: - 1.75 Pounds -Men in come in a reusable foam storage box.', [], 0)
(100896, 'COR280271 Panoceania Neoterra Bolts Miniature Corvus Belli    Did you think PanOceania has kept its leading place on the hierarchy of power for years thanks to fancy diplomats with silver tongues and warm smiles? Think again. PanOceania is nothing more than the biggest and meanest bully in the schoolyard. The Hyperpower is still perched in the top because it is constantly defending its position, browbeating anyone that poses a half-credible threat. The PanOceanian Military Complex is in a state of constant alert, responding as swiftly and forcefully as it can to endless alarms on all fronts. That is the only way to stay number one for any length of time, and it takes more than state-of-the-art technology. It takes professional soldiers capable of responding to that technology and squeezing the best results from it. Case in point: the Neoterra Bolts. They are the backbone of the Neoterran Capitaline Army, and handle most of its foreign operations. Since their foundation, the Bolts have been a part of most deployments by PanOceanian troops: law enforcement operations, pacification operations, punishment operations, advanced force operations... They say no amount of training can replace hands-on experience, and the Bolts have plenty of the latter. This unit is always on active duty, always deployed and always in the thick of things.    In truth, at the base you will find nothing but wet-footed trainees, because Darwin is not where PanOceania needs the Bolts to be. It needs them to be wherever real-life action is. If you are curious about their current location, just turn the newscasts on and look for the guys giving the thumbs-up while all hell breaks loose behind them.    Miniatures are supplied unpainted and assembly may be required.', [], 0)
(85258, "Manny is a car of few words, but his expressive smile usually speaks for him. He prides himself on his sharp paint job & nicely polished chrome, & is a frequent visitor at the local detailing shop. He's the only car you'll ever meet who goes the extra mile to use tire cleaner on the insides of his wheels!", [], 0)
(206368, "It's awesome in green. These TMNT Jumbo Favor Container will have the little kids screaming Cowabunga! at the sight. Give out the best party fun treat, ever. Special treats and toys should be in a special place made especially for them.", ['for them.'], 0)
(191826, 'This cowboy or steampunk themed collar is great for men of the wild wild west! Look sophisticated in an alternate reality where steam took over as the primary source of power! This collar is brown and decorated with gears and gadgets. Easily adjustable with a velcro strap. This is the perfect finishing touch to any cowboy or steampunk costume. Great on its own, and even better with the bullet belts, top hats, gear rings and other great accessories in our store!', ['for men '], -1)
(191057, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : SAO/SE23-E22 Card Text : ?CONT? All of your other ?Avatar? or ?Net? characters get +1000 power.?AUTO? Change [(2) Put a card from your hand into your waiting room & Put this card into your waiting room] At the beginning of your climax phase, you may pay the cost. If you do, choose a card named "Last Shot, Sinon" in your waiting room, and put it on the stage position that this card was on. Color : Blue Cost : 2 Level : 1 Power : 5000 Rarity : R Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Avatar - Weapon Trigger : 1 Type : Character', [], 0)
(39495, 'After encountering real marine animals in their natural habitats, the crew must sit down and relax. Let all the underwater explorers sit and eat the meals you have carefully prepared for them. They will feel just as if they were still in the Octopod, thinking about their mission under the sea. Along with all the other party supplies, make sure you can breathe the Octonauts party decoration in the air!!!', [], 0)
(93655, 'Training Wheels.; For Boys; Brand:"John Deere; Size Ins.=16;This Spiffy, Sturdy Bicycle Comes With The Features And John Deere Trappings To Let Your Little One Cruise Around In Style. Full Front Shocks And Removable Training Wheels Ensure A Safe Ride, While The Iconic Green And Yellow Color Scheme Lets Your Kids Imagine They\'re Riding A Giant John Deere Trailer Around The Block. Features 16-Inch Wheels Heavy-Duty Steel Frame Front Shocks Removable Training Wheels Rear Coaster Brake Front Hand Brake Officially Licensed John Deere Product Specifications Measures 21.5 By 32 By 44 Inches (W X H X D) 33-Pound Weight Recommended For Riders Age Four To Eight 100-Pound Weight Limit Warranty This Bike Includes A Limited 90-Day Manufacturer\'s Warranty Against Defects In Materials And Workmanship.; See All Product Description.', ['For Boys;'], -1)
(181252, "Shredder has teamed up with Kraang to finish the Turtles off for good in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows Kraang Cryo Chamber by Mega Bloks! Too bad Raph is about to foil their plans! Create the cryo clash by building the giant mutagen vat with its shock sensor-activated robotic arm and glowing ooze canister! Set Shredder and Kraang' s giant mech suit on the above platform, then ready your buildable, fully articulated Raph micro action figure for battle by gearing him with his signature twin sais! Now you can put Shredder in a deep freeze! The buildable Raph and Shredder come with their own detailed accessories, while the articulated Kraang android body comes with a removable Kraang. Connect with other Mega Bloks Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows sets to build your own movie-themed brawls! Ideal for ages 6 years and older.", ['for ages '], 0)
(2715, 'Help Ariel get ready for a date with Prince Eirc! You can style her long, beautiful hair in so many ways.\nHelp Ariel get pampered and pretty in an underwater beauty salon that has everything a mermaid princess needs!\nAriel doll measures approximately 12" tall', [], 0)
(101339, "At  The Multiples  we believe in bringing  fun, social engagement and imagination to multiplication learning  because  everyone can do math! . The Multiples encourage a storytelling culture at home, promoting multiplication literacy in children through exploration of new and impactful ways to learn multiplication using storytelling as a tool. With our diverse, approachable animal characters we turn everyday products into unique social learning tools, bringing a fun learning experience to children's daily routines. Each of our 12 quirky characters has a favorite number from 1 to 12 and a story to encourage children to express themselves socially while thinking mathematically. Children can also practice a variety of math-learning techniques in addition to multiplication. But  why should you bring The Multiples into your home now?  Because studies show that children who understand numbers in early education will have better success learning mathematics throughout their education and that there is a  direct correlation between engagement in math at home and long term performance in math . By adding The Multiples to your child's everyday life you lay the foundation for learning a love of numbers! The Multiples tableware is not meant to substitute for any existing curriculums or practices, but rather to  provide a social medium whereby every child can build a connection with numbers . Winner of Multiple Awards including: NATIONAL PARENTING CENTER 2014 Seal of Approval CREATIVE CHILD 2014 Kids Product of the Year Award, Educational Product Category CREATIVE CHILD 2014 Seal of Excellence Award, Parenting Aids DR. TOY 10 Best Educational Toys for 2014 DR. TOY 100 Best Children's Products Award Program for 2014 THE TOY MAN 2014 Award of Excellence THE TOY MAN S.T.E.M. Award ABLE PLAY Great Find! Developmental and Learning Toy Recommedation", [], 0)
(29506, "Stone Age The Dawn of Mankind. Our ancestors were hard workers, resting only very little. Luckily for us, their ingenuity allowed them to make their work easier, day after day. In Stone Age, players are sent back to that arduous period of history. With tools, quite archaic at first, you will be able to collect wood, stone and gold. These resources will allow you to attain higher levels of knowledge and build sturdier roofs over your head. Though luck plays an important part in the game, only those who master their fate will be able to grasp victory. Finally, one mustn't forget to feed their tribe as that would represent a major setback for them. Relive history. CARVE YOUR VICTORY - IN STONE. The Dawn of Mankind. Our ancestors were hard workers, resting only very little. Luckily for us, their ingenuity allowed them to make their work easier, day after day. In Stone Age, players are sent back to that arduous period of history. With tools, quite archaic at first, you will be able to collect wood, stone and gold. These resources will allow you to attain higher levels of knowledge and build sturdier roofs over your head. Though luck plays an important part in the game, only those who master their fate will be able to grasp victory. Finally, one mustn't forget to feed their tribe as that would represent a major setback for them. Relive history. CARVE YOUR VICTORY - IN STONE.", [], 0)
(180354, 'Domestic geese are extremely sociable, intelligent animals with a good memory. They can remember encounters with people and animals for a long time  even after we have forgotten all about them. If a stranger enters the farmyard, the geese can tell immediately. Of course, they don\'t Bark, but they can honk loudly to attract attention and can Peck quite hard with their beak. Unlike dogs, they can\'t be "bribed" with food. That\'s why some farmers prefer to keep geese instead of a Guard dog.', [], 0)
(161141, ' Over 1000+ Sold in the last 12 months  We all know our young kids are just not getting enough fresh air or Sunshine and are tied to their cell phones or computer games! So how do you get them out of their bedrooms? Remember as a child that feeling when you got your first kite? Well buy this American Summertime Octopus kite and  take your kids to the park or the beach and have some quality family fun! In the past kites were complicated to assemble, instructions were a joke, your Dad then ran up and down trying to get it to fly. Occasionally it did and it would be fun until it came crashing down and smashed the frame to pieces. Fun Over Well we have solved all these issues so you can have fun with your kids. Our Octopus kite is a parafoil kite . What does that mean?  Well it has no frame. It inflates with the wind and creates a stable kite with masses of lift so flying is so easy.  Putting it together? Takes 2 minutes. Unfold out the bag, tie one simple knot and start flying. But you dont know how to fly this Octopus kite? Easy, we tell you. This is all covered in the  included color instructions . And when you have had fun.. we tell you how to  simply fold up into the included storage bag . All ready to fly next time..  If any problems we have our unique offering of a Lifetime Guarantee offered by American Summertime. We will replace or refund if you have any issues throughout its life.  Lastly this is a childs toy so you will want to know its safe for them to use. Well we have had this  tested to meet the standards of the Toy Safety requirements for the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CSPC) of the United States . Job done, its safe we even test for lead content So its FUN, its SAFE and you will have GREAT QUALITY TIME spending it with YOUR CHILDREN! All you have to do is CLICK..', [], 0)
(12521, 'This is the Jumbo Jigsaw Puzzle Roll-Up from MasterPieces? FEATURES: Holds puzzles up to 3000 pieces.  The strong 36" roll-up tube comes in 3 sections so  you can piece together the desired length.  A large, felt puzzle mat.  Velcro straps.  Easy to use and store. INCLUDES: (1) Puzzle Roll-Up SPECS: Size: 48" x 36"  (122cm x 91.4cm)MasterPiecesPart MST50530 Jumbo Puzzle Roll-Up holds up to 3000 pieces, 48" x 36" Puzzle Mat for storing puzzles while putting them together.', [], 0)
(11927, 'One night Max is making mischief so his mother sends him to bed without eating anything. That night in his imagination, a forest grows in his room and he sails off to Where the Wild Things Are. The Wild Things make him king, and he joins their wild rumpus. Finally, Max gets lonely and returns home where he finds his supper waiting for him. This Read With Me DVD software title is filled with learning exercises and games based on the imaginative, beloved tale. Kids will learn story comprehension, main ideas, story settings and events, character traits, cause and effect, vocabulary, word definitions, types of words, rhyming words, words that relate concepts and context of words within a story. For use with the Read With Me DVD Learning System, sold separately.', [], 0)
(134601, 'Everything you need to build and decorate your own Pirate Ship. Great create and play activity for any boy.', ['for any boy.'], -1)
(55775, 'Perfect for any man-cave, basement bar, or home gaming room, MadKat Games brings you unlimited entertainment with this full size video pinball arcade machine!  No moving parts means no costly repairs. The space themed artwork is suitable for all ages. Proudly made in the U.S.A. you can play hundreds of your favorite pinball tables on one beautiful machine.  Built with the best quality arcade parts and high performance pc components, we strive to make these video pinball cabinets as close as possible to the real pinball experience.  These are built slightly wider to accommodate the two 46" high-definition  monitors, one for the playfield, and another for the translite image.  Optimized for use with the best pinball emulators, game software is NOT included but is freely available on the internet. Product specs: Cabinet- made from 3/4" birch and wrapped with high quality vinyl graphics. Chrome plated easily-attached legs, brushed stainless side-rails and front apron, authentic Williams  flipper buttons (two per side) with leaf-spring switches. Working arcade coin-door accepts quarters. Features two 46" LED 1080P HD monitors for playfield and backglass emulation. 5 speaker sound system with an 8" subwoofer and 148 watt Lepai amp with cross-over. PC specs:  Intel core i5 4670K overclocked to 4.6 Ghz cooled by a Zalman cnps10x Optima cpu cooler, Asrock Z87M Extreme 4 motherboard, 8GB GSkill Trident 2400Mhz ram (running 2133 Mhz 9-10-10-28), 120 GB Samsung solid-state drive, EVGA 650 TI Boost gpu, Corsair 450 watt modular PSU, Ipac arcade button controller board, and Microsoft Windows 7 64 bit operating system.   MadKat Games - Demand Performance!  Find out more at madkatgames.com', ['for all ages.'], 0)
(91484, 'The Light Up White Super Star Princess Wands can make anybody feel like the princess they deserve to be. A perfect item for fairy princess themed birthdays, as a gift for the young and young-at-heart alike, and so much fun for your entire family. Bring out the Princess Party Girl in you today. Dimensions: Length = 15 in. Width = 4.5 in. at the widest part of the star. LEDs: 4 Green, 4 Red, 3 Blue. Activate by pressing button on the handle, once for each light function. LED Functions: Fast Rotating Flash, Faster Rotating Flash, Super Fast Rotating Flash, Fast Regular Flash. Batteries: Includes 4 AG13 Batteries.', ['for your entire family.'], 0)
(113855, 'A NEW generation of Kalos Region Pokemon toys have arrived. Find your favorite Pokemon whether its Pikachu, Chespin, Fennekin, Froakie, Meowstic (male), Goomy, or Hawlucha! These soft plush figures are 8" tall and ready for you to take them with you wherever you go. Gotta Catch \'Em All!', ['for you '], 0)
(142916, 'The Transformers battle doesn\'t get any bigger than this! Transformers Generations Combiner Wars figures combine to form giant super robots. Build the most powerful Combiner robots from Transformers lore, including characters like Superion and Menasor, or come up with a different combination! This Deluxe Class Autobot Hound figure can become part of a Sky Reign Combiner build. Collect all 6 figures (each sold separately) to build a Sky Reign figure. Autobot Hound has everything it takes to make him a good scout: skill, experience, and holographic mapping equipment. However, his passion for exploring uncharted territory makes him more than "good"--it makes him irreplaceable. He combines with his fellow Autobots to form Sky Reign. Sky Lynx forms the torso, Autobot Hound and Wheeljack form the arms, Smokescreen and Trailbreaker form the legs, and Wreck-Gar becomes Combiner armor. Collect all 6 figures to build a giant Sky Reign Combiner robot. (Figures are each sold separately.) The Combiner Wars universal connection system makes this Autobot Hound figure compatible with Voyager Class Combiner Wars figures, so there are numerous combinations that can be created. Sky Reign 2 of 5. This Autobot Hound figure changes from robot to military off-roader and back in 12 steps and, with a blaster accessory, comes ready for battle. It also comes with a collectible Combiner Wars comic book featuring a Hasbro-exclusive Autobot Hound cover, specially created character content, and a look inside the Transformers design desk. Transformers and all related characters are trademarks of Hasbro.', [], 0)
(84759, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : FZ/S17-E007 Color : Yellow Level : 0 Power : 2500 Rarity : R Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Servant, Weapon Trigger : None Type : Character', [], 0)
(44504, "Just pull back and release to make Sheriff roll ahead to countless adventures with cool sound effects. Radiator Springs' top law enforcer is on the lookout for bad guys and needs some help from your little deputy.", [], 0)
(145421, '"Alexander The Great fought wars of conquest from the shores of Anatolia to the foothills of the Himalayas. As King of Macedonia he defeated his fellow Greeks before invading and overthrowing the old Persian Empire. In the east he led his armies against the Scythian horsemen of the steppes and the mighty rulers of India. In all of his battles he relied upon an elite corps of cavalry called the Companions  hetairoi in Greek. The Companions were the finest and most aggressive heavy cavalry of their time and they were armed with long, heavy spears designed to pierce armour and overcome enemy cavalrymen more accustomed to skirmishing or fencing with lighter weapons. Riders also carried weighty swords for fighting hand-to-hand and were protected by a bronze cuirass or linothorax style armour as worn by Greek infantry. They also wore bronze helmets  often the open-faced Boeotian style of helmet, which afforded good visibility and enabled the horsemen to more easily hear the commands of his officers than enclosed types of helmet. So armed the Companions overcome their enemies and won the empire and everlasting fame of Alexander the Great! 8 xyston-armed metal Macedonian Royal cavalry including command group " This boxed set contains 20 multi-part, hard plastic 28mm tall Roman Praetorian Guard and a metal mounted Emperor - Marcus Aurelius - for them to guard! Comes replete with options to arm them with pilum or gladius and with great extras such as spare helmets, pila, shields and a cavalry helmet with metal faceplate! Also contains superb, full-colour waterslide shield transfers to bring your models to life', [], 0)
(104957, '6 ft kids play tent / approximately 3 ft by 3 ft wide at the base and 6 feet tall / faux fur rug is NOT INCLUDED but is sold separately / comes with faux fur hide top piece / made in USA / great for boys and girls', ['for boys and girls'], 0)
(209858, 'Features:   Size: 1.8*3.5*1.8cm   Led color : Multi-color   Standby time : about 24hours   Battery:2 x AG3battery(included)  NOTICE:there are more color,if you need other color balloon light,please visit our stroe,thank you    Instruction:   Light up your special occasion with these fantastic, easy to use LED lights, which will bring a great ambianceall of their own to your special occasion.   These lights can be used not only for parties, but for many other uses such as lighting you plant pots or you can even use them as an emergency torch.  The uses of these lights are limitless, so let your thoughts go wild!!These excellent unique balloon lights will add a wow factor to any Wedding,   Engagement party, Disco, Camping, Barbeque and any other use that you can use your imagination for! They simply go inside the balloon (before you blow it up) and once it is blown up create a great look to a basic balloon by making it glow. (Dont forget to turn it on before blowing the balloon up!!!)  Package include : 100pcs Multi-color balloon light', [], 0)
(128542, 'Mini Chalkboard tags offer a unique way to mark your reception tables. \n  \n  The removable stands allow the chalkboards to stand upright on a table or flat surface. \n  Use chalk to write the table number or names of all the people reserved for the table on them. \n  Remove the stand and use the chalkboards in your garden to identify what you planted. \n  \n  These mini chalkboards are also reusable; simply wipe away the old text and reuse. \n  \n  Here are some innovative suggestions on how to use these mini chalkboards (comes in a set of 12): \n  1. Use them as a table marker for table settings at a party or a wedding. Put the table number, mini menu, or names of all the people reserved for the table on the chalkboard. \n  2. Label dishes (and ingredients) at a buffet or reception with these chalkboards so guests will know what they are eating. \n  3. Organize your home and office area by using the chalkboard as a labeling tool for your storage. \n  4. Write important memos on the chalkboard to have around you as a reminder. \n  5. Give the chalkboards away as party favors. \n  6. Use the tags in your garden to identify your plants and herbs. \n  Dimensions: Rectangle: chalkboard 2.38"L x 3.38"W, sign post 7 Inch, stand 1.75" diameter; Heart: chalkboard 2.75"L x 3.125"W, sign post 7.5Inch, stand 1.75" diameter. Material: Wood. \n  Use them as table markers, food signage, labeling for storage, for reminders and memos, party favor or gifts. \n', [], 0)
(195380, 'Finally! A pet bear that wont gnaw on your head or bite your arms off. This adorable bouncing head animal doll is ready for you to give him a great big bear hug! Dark brown fur makes this shaking head animal figure look great on any dashboard, bookshelf, desktop, or countertop. He loves the dashboard adhesive that travels with him because the sticky pad reminds him of honey. Youll love it because it will securely attach him to your car dashboard, but it wont leave any permanent residue! With adorable beady eyes this bobblehead will make you the envy of all your friends. Legend has it that that polar bears used to live in Europe, but then they got hunted to extinction for their amazing fur. These nodding head polar bears live in America, and their fuzzy hide is certainly worth coveting. Buy yours today, before they go extinct! Perfect gift for any bobble head collector, trucker with an empty dashboard, or child. Kids love these cute little bobbing head toys. One of many ridiculously awesome nodding head dash board therapists brought to you as part of Batty Bargains Legendary Bobbleheads collection. Order yours today!', ['for any bobble head collector, trucker with an empty dashboard, or child.'], 0)
(191058, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : SAO/SE23-E28 Card Text : ?CONT? All of your other ?Avatar? or ?Net? characters get +500 power.?AUTO? [(1)] When a card named "A Small Step" is placed on your climax area, you may pay the cost. If you do, choose one of your other characters with "Sinon(???)" in its card name, and until end of turn, that character gets +2000 power and the following ability. "?AUTO? When this card\'s battle opponent becomes ?REVERSE?, you may draw a card." Color : Blue Cost : 0 Level : 1 Power : 3500 Rarity : C Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Net - Glasses Type : Character', [], 0)
(46889, "MILLIARD Light up Shoelaces will LIGHT YOU UP!!!!! Whether you're on the dance floor, mingling at a friend's party or just walking down the street at night you'll be sure to make an impression wearing these laces on your favorite tie-ups. With three (3) modes, slow, medium and fast, it will grab everyones attention. They are the newest thing on the led market today and kids go nuts for them. Makes a great addition to a costume. Enjoy!", [], 0)
(193195, 'Lisbeth has her work boots and bandana on so she can get right to work tidying up the little friends\' horse stalls! these 4 inch tall "bendy dolls" are made from flexible soft plastic, with metal wires inside which allow for them to be posable. Collect all the little friends dolls characters. Compatible with all HABA dollhouses, furniture & accessories. All HABA little friends bendy dolls are made of flexible plastic that is free of toxic phthalates.', [], 0)
(159567, 'You can collect all the greatest Big Hero 6 action figures inspired by the Disney movie (each sold separately). Choose your favorite heroes and use their special powers to battle against the evil villain, Yokai, and save San Fransokyo. New challenges and situations for our favorite team pop up all the time in San Fransokyo - but not all villains operate in broad daylight! Always developing solutions, Hiro has designed stealth armor for the entire team that allows them to operate secretly and protect the city from its enemies. At night, San Fransokyo is lit up with neon, so Hiro accurately assessed that darker colors with neon highlights would actually help the team blend in to their surroundings. Discover these new versions of your favorite heroes and defeat evil, no matter when it strikes! Collect them all!.', [], 0)
(41253, 'Delightful moments from the Disney Junior\'s series Sofia the First can be brought to life with this charming collection of fashions and accessories for the series\' lead princesses: Sofia and her sister, Amber. For Princess Sofia, girls can choose between a charming garden party fashion (complete with tea set, patterned blanket and cake tray with treats) or her adorable two-piece fashion for the grand royal picnic and sporting event (complete with "flying" horseshoe set and winning trophy). For Princess Amber, girls can re-create the unforgettable royal sleepover with her beautiful nightgown, eye mask, pillow and perfume bottle. Dolls not included. Each set sold separately. Ages 3 and older. Disney Sofia the First Kingdom Picnic Fashion Pack.', [], 1)
(116351, "A Kotobukiya Japanese import! Kotobukiya' s hit Marvel Comics ARTFX+ series has brought fans Avengers straight out of the comics, and now it turns to the big screen with the upcoming mega-blockbuster Avengers: Age of Ultron. Two mighty characters start the new collection headlined by the massive HULKBUSTER IRON MAN! A fan-favorite design from the comics that's coming in the Avengers sequel, the Hulk buster is a specially-designed upgrade to the Iron Man armor created by Robert Downey Jr.'s Tony Stark to combat the Hulk if he should go berserk. Classified as the Iron Man Mark 44 armor, the Hulk buster suit really tears it up! Based on its appearance in the film, the huge armor looks as if it leapt straight off the screen. Iron Man strides forward to grapple with the green-skinned Avenger, leg pistons cranking and his right arm stretching out to make contact. While the resemblance to the classic Iron Man armor is readily apparent (especially in the bright metallic red and gold color scheme), the Hulk buster takes it to a whole new level with a towering frame, thick armor plating, and a stout shape. Best of all, that huge shape means a ton of surface area for amazing sculpting featuring all of the technological details of the Iron Man suit including surface armor, interior electronics, layered components, repulsor units, integrated weaponry, and much more! Sculpted by the same master artist who's responsible for the Avengers Marvel Now series, Junnosuke Abe (RESTORE), Hulk buster Iron Man stands an incredible 11 1/2 inches tall (in the ARTFX+ 1/10th scale) to tower over his allies and enemies alike. Stark's latest and greatest battle suit lumbers across a brick-like display base, punishing the ground with its terrible weight. The Hulk buster is one of the most impressive display pieces you'll ever own and it even pairs with the new Avengers: Age of Ultron Hulk ARTFX+ statue to make a fierce battle scene!", [], 0)
(31436, "The eFUEL 60A Power Supply is our most versatile model yet! This deluxe 1200 watt power supply is what you need to the get the most out of your high-powered charger. Many of the most powerful chargers on the market require 18V or 24V input to reach their peak performance, so this power supply is ideal for getting the fastest charge rates possible. It's also great for guys who want to run up to four mid-size chargers at the same time. With an anodized aluminum exterior, vivid LED display and built-in banana plug jacks, this power supply is built with high-quality components all the way through. Just plug it into your wall socket, connect to your charger, and you'll be ready to go. * Specifications: * Input Voltage: 110V * Output Voltage: 15V-24V DC * Maximum Current: 60A * 4 output ports: (1) heavy-duty port rated at 60amps and (3) 10amp outputs with on/off switches * Large LCD, shows voltage and current output", ['for guys '], 0)
(41264, ' Barbie Cut N Style Princess African-American Doll Barbie Cut N Style Princess Doll: This beautiful princess has gorgeous hair girls will love cutting and styling over and over again! Clip one of four extensions into the clips in her hair - options include brilliantly colored locks - and style. Use the included princess tiara or hair clips, that can also be worn by girls, to add extra flair. When it\'s time for a new look, cut the extensions using the heart-decorated scissors to start all over. Includes doll, four extensions, scissors, brush, tiara and two wear-and-share hair clips. Product Features Girls will love cutting and styling over and over again Clip extensions into her hair for a brand new look Use the magical scissors to cut her hair and try out new styles Use the included princess tiara or hair clips to add extra flair Includes doll, four extensions, magical scissors, brush, tiara and two wear-and-share hair clips Recommended Ages: 3-10 Years Product Measures: 8.5 x2.374 x12.75 Barbie Cut N Style Princess Doll: This beautiful princess has gorgeous hair girls will love "cutting" and styling over and over again. Clip one of four extensions into the clips in her hair - options include brilliantly colored locks - and style. Use the included princess tiara or hair clips, that can also be worn by girls, to add extra flair. When it\'s time for a new look, "cut" the extensions using the heart-decorated "scissors" to start all over. Includes doll, four extensions, "scissors," brush, tiara and two wear-and-share hair clips.', [], 1)
(210763, 'Video Game Toy Cute Animal Purple Teddy Bear Plush Stuffed Toy Great Gift for Boys and Grls.Golden Teddy Bear Plush Stuffed Toy 1pcs + GIFT keychain.Material:Plush.Size: 30 cm.Generally delivery takes 10 - 15 days after shipment with USPS ePacket', ['for Boys and Grls.'], 0)
(195516, 'Little treasures birthday cake has a pounding hammer and colorful popping toppings birthday cake with musical sounds to entice kids. Preschoolers love pounding popping cake toppings with musical sounds for added fun and excitement competing with themselves they are astounded to find them pop up again each time. It cultivates hand-eye coordination and cause-and-effect relationship to kids while popping toppings feature means they use timed muscles action to obtain maximum fun. Creamy pink shades of cakes with blue, yellow and red popping toppings captivates your baby attention for longer play time. The game involves kids and they learn the usage of several elements, obtain the gist of utilization and learning muscle-eye timely coordination to obtain objectives. They shall use acquired agility and skills to help them all their life. Festively colored parts and unique features add immense fun and creative play to the game. Real, appealing colors and tones attract the little ones extensively, allowing them to indulge in the toy game of fun, pretend play.', [], 0)
(102119, ' UNIBLOCK, Remote Control Construction Truck, 154 pc, Compatible With Major Brands You can now build your car and race it too.   Create your very own construction truck either by following the step-by-step instructions (included) or from your imagination. Use the bricks included or add your own bricks of other brands to the mix. Stick the sticker decorations (included)to get a finished look.   This is a perfect chase-or-race car that has the following important features: The box looks fantastic. Designed in the USA, made in China by a US company, conforms all the safety standards. The box is 13.25" x 8.5" x 2.75". Great as a birthday gift, Christmas gift, Valentine\'s day surprise gift, or a gift for fathers day. Disclaimer: This is NOT Lego. The components are compatible, but if you are looking for a genuine Lego do not buy this product.  LEGO is a trademark of the LEGO Group of companies and is not affiliated with our products in any way.', [], 0)
(24668, 'From the Manufacturer\nWelcome to Remote Control Timbertown Railway! It all begins at the Easy Rail Station - just drop the train on the orange part of the track, the wheels automatically line up with the track, and youre ready to go! Push it around the curve and up the hill to the mountain, smokestack puffing as the train moves like a real old-fashioned steam engine! Use the crane to pick up logs and head back to the station. Itll be a real adventure fueled by your childs imagination and a little help from Steamer and Samuel the hardest working team in GeoTown! Includes Easy Rail Station, Elevation Mountain with tunnel and working crane, Remote Control, classic Steam Engine, Caboose, poseable figure, block of wood, and 15 pieces of durable, Snap-Lock track. Requires 6 AAA batteries (3 for controller, 3 for vehicle).\nProduct Description\nThe GeoTrax Lead Train Set offers all the classic railroad play little boys love. They can become the engineers of their own imaginations with so much to do. Starting at the Easy-Rail Station, the special track area makes it so easy for them to get their RC train lined up on the tracks. Board the engineer figure into the front of the classic steam engine or on the back of the red caboose. Little boys can control the train two ways - push it along or control the action from afar with an easy-to-use RC controller. The controller features forward and reverse controls and train sound effects. Drive the train around the curve, up the hill and to the mountain. Pick up logs to keep the "wood-burning" engine going. Use the crane on top of the mountain to load it all up. The train can make its way down the winding hill and back to the Easy-Rail Station to drop off cargo and complete the trip. Set up the 15 pieces of durable, Snap-Lock track in so many ways for new adventures. It\'s the perfect 1st train set for the 2-year old engineer. And since GeoTrax is a system that all works together - add onto this set for even more fun.', ['for the 2-year old engineer.'], -1)
(98347, 'This semi truck is a beautiful gift for every boy! nice size, colored, the kids will enjoy playing with it!', ['for every boy!'], -1)
(37299, 'Doesn\'t everyone have a special fondness for liver? Whether you love them, eat them, destroy them, or care for them, livers are the largest and perhaps the coolest of all human organs. This splendid little 1.25" pin is made from durable printed aluminum, comes packed on a card and was made in China. I Heart Guts happy organs put a smile on your face and smarts in your brain! Our adorable organs make the perfect gift for everything from a broken heart to a tummy ache. Get your feet wet in anatomy or bone up on your physiology with our nerdy plush toys! I Heart Guts is the brainchild of an anatomically obsessed illustrator who loves internal organs and all they do. Founded in 2005, our bare-bones family operation strives to offer plush organs with love, style and geeky puns. I Heart Guts plush organs were named Best of Toy Fair by Popular Science magazine in 2014.', [], 0)
(160342, "The Koopalings (called Bowser's minions in Europe in the New Super Mario Bros. games, and occasionally called Koopa Kids in the cartoons) is the name of a group of seven siblings that closely serve King Bowser Koopa. The Koopalings often act as high-ranking leaders of the Koopa Troop and mostly appear as bosses in various SNES-era Mario series games, before going on a nine-year hiatus after Hotel Mario, reappearing once in Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga in 2003, and then being redesigned for their inclusion in the recent New Super Mario Bros. games, starting with 2009's New Super Mario Bros. Wii.", [], 0)
(32806, '3D shaped Brontosaurus Dinosaur Pinata measures 25.5 inches long from nose to tail, 9 inches wide and 18 inches tall. Pinata holds up to 3 pounds of toys and candy (sold separately). Decorated with tissue paper and print cutouts, pinata features a blue dinosaur with yellow neck and nose, orange dots on back and red horn on head. This 3 dimensional pinata is a great decoration and fun party game for boys birthdays on the dinosaurs party theme.', ['for boys '], -1)
(87706, "Enjoy countless royal adventures in Princess Sofia's magical world with the Disney Sofia the First Royal Castle! Sofia and her stepsister, Princess Amber, love to explore in their royal castle, where princess fun and magical surprises await around every corner! Play with Clover the rabbit in the throne room and discover the treasure chest in the basement, before dancing the night away on the revolving dance floor. Then help Sofia and Amber climb the stairs to their bedroom, and tuck them under the blankets to dream of the princess adventures they will have in the morning. This adorable set will inspire young children for hours of princess play in the Royal Castle. Help them get to grips with building fun using the big LEGO DUPLO bricks, which are designed especially to be safe for little hands. They will be transported to a world where Sofia finds out all about kindness, forgiveness and generosity of spirit, as she learns what it means to be a real princess. Includes Sofia the First and Princess Amber LEGO DUPLO figures and Clover the rabbit. Combine with the 10594 Sofia the First Royal Stable for even more magical adventures with Sofia's horse, Minimus the Great.", [], 0)
(88309, 'Our new full body, performance quality, ventriloquist doll style puppets feature an incredibly easy moving mouth. They also come with a metal arm control rod. For those who have no idea what that means (dont worry, alot of people ask!) the rod is a thin metal "wand" that simply clips to either hand for movement. This is how Muppet and Sesame Street type puppets are operated. Simply insert your hand into the slot in the puppet\'s back to operate the mouth. By opening and closing your hand the puppet\'s mouth will move.  Bodies are poly-fill stuffed and soft making them light-weight. They weigh in at about 1 pound. These puppets are very durable and are made to last a lifetime.   The puppet comes completely dressed as shown (clothing may vary slightly due to fabric availability). Clothes are removable and this puppet wears child size 18 months.   Our new 25" puppets are highly recommended for both beginners and experienced puppeteers. Their mouths are so easy to move and wont hurt your hand making them perfect for puppet ministry, school performances, talent shows, drama, theater, therapy, good clean fun at home, and more! Give them a try and we promise you wont be disappointed!  Recommended for ages 5 and up. Children under this age would enjoy having an adult or older child operate it and put on the show for them.', ['for both beginners and experienced puppeteers.'], 0)
(125450, "Spark the kids' imaginations with the Mega Bloks My Life As Blue Ribbon Ranch Doll Play Set. It comes with two equestrian mini-dolls as well as a horse for them to ride, and everything they need to build a big barn. There are working gates to keep them contained and fences for them to leap over. This Mega Bloks play set also includes pieces of hay and apples for the equines to eat. The kids can put the mini-doll up on the horse and pretend to go for a trot around the pasture with the doll set. It has stickers the kids can use to customize their barn, so it is special. Little girls are sure to love pretending to saddle up their horse for a riding adventure. Give this as a gift to the little one who love them, or for those who just love to pretend. They can even collect other My Life As play sets for all kinds of imaginative play.", [], 0)
(112475, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : NK/W30-E032 Card Text : _AUTO_ [Put a card from your hand into your clock] When this card is placed on stage from your waiting room, you may pay the cost. If you do, choose a _Weapon_ or _Heiress_ character from your clock, and return it to your hand. _AUTO_ Change [(2) Put a card from your hand into your waiting room & Put this card into your waiting room] At the beginning of your climax phase, you may pay the cost. If you do, choose a card named "The One, Seishiro" in your waiting room, and put it on the stage position that this card was on. Color : Green Cost : 1 Level : 2 Power : 7000 Rarity : R Side : W Soul : 1 Traits : Weapon Trigger : 1 Type : Character', [], 0)
(193007, "Color your own card kits are complete with everything you need to color and give including cards and envelopes, 3 gel pens, 12 colored pencils with sharpener and sparkle gems for embellishing your creation Whether you give them as a gift or keep them for yourself, the cards are perfect for all occasions. It comes in a handy organza bag that fits conveniently into most purses so you can color while at doctor's office, airport or DMV. From young girls to grandmothers, chemotherapy patients and hospital patients, these really are the perfect gift.", ['From young girls to grandmothers, chemotherapy patients and hospital patients,'], 0)
(139190, 'Cardfight!! Vanguard is a Japanese trading card game published by Bushiroad. It was created in collaboration between Akira Ito (Yu-Gi-Oh! R), Satoshi Nakamura (Duel Masters), and Bushiroad president Takaaki Kidani. The game was also released in conjunction with a TV anime series. In the game, players "ride" a unit as their Vanguard, which represents them on the board. They may also summon other units as Rear Guards to attack or support. The game is won by doing 6 points of damage to the opponent\'s Vanguard. Card Name : Holy Seraph, Uriel Card Number : G-FC01/027EN Clan : Angel Feather Critical : 1 Grade / Skill : 4 Nation : United Sanctuary Power : 15000 Race : Angel Rarity : RR Unit : G Unit Card Effect : Stride (Released when both players\' vanguards are grade 3 or greater!)-Stride Step-[Choose one or more cards with the sum of their grades being 3 or greater from your hand, and discard them] Stride this card on your (VC) from face down. [AUTO](VC):When this unit\'s attack hits a vanguard, look at three cards from the top of your deck, search for up to one card from among them, put it face up into your damage zone, and shuffle your deck. If you put a card into your damage zone this way, choose a face up grade 2 or less card from your damage zone, call it to (RC), and that unit gets [Power]+2000 until end of turn.', [], 0)
(45143, "The Hot Wheels Track Builder System offers the ultimate track experience for boys by allowing them to design, create and customize their very own track challenges. Using a variety of stunts, layouts and essential pieces that work together or connect to existing sets, boys can be the master of their own track. Kids will have a barrel of fun with the Barrel Drop! Send your car speeding into the barrel and watch it go tumbling down the hill. When it reaches the bottom, it's ready to race again, tearing off at high-speed down the track. If you can dream it, you can build it with Track Builder! Each sold separately. Ages 3 and older. The Hot Wheels Track Builder System offers the ultimate track experience for boys by allowing them to design, create and customize their very own track challenges. Using a variety of stunts, layouts and essential pieces that work together or connect to existing sets, boys can be the master of their own track. If you can dream it, you can build it with Track Builder! Each sold separately. Ages 3 and older.", ['for boys '], -1)
(170467, 'Take your party decorating skills to the next level with these adorable Milestone Happy Birthday Dashingly Aged to Perfection paper straw decor that is perfect for your Man Birthday Party. Using the included clear stickers, simply attach the shaped paper cut outs to the straws then place it in a fun jar or bottle, or even use them as cupcake decorations. Sold in a set of 25 straws and paper cut-out embellishments. 8 (words) Aged to Perfection (3" x 1.75"), 8 circles (2.5" x 2.5"), 8 (word) cheers banner (3" x 2") paper die cuts. Printed on a heavy card stock paper.', ['for your Man '], -1)
(101920, "Plush Aurora's golden hair, delicate embroidered features and glittering gown are fit for a princess to love. Your little girl will enjoy playing and dreaming with our soft and serene Sleeping Beauty.", ['for a princess '], 1)
(84756, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : PD/S22-E011  Color : Yellow Cost : 0 Level : 1 Power : 4500 Rarity : U Side : S Soul : 1 Traits : Music, Mecha Trigger : None Type : Character', [], 0)
(142311, 'Designed in a beautiful purple with a heart theme, this diary is well constructed, and has a locking key mechanism. Give your young ones the ability to put their limitless imagination, and their little secrets into words with this wonderful diary. Allow for them to earn their first bit of independence, and feel mature and trusted with this secret diary that locks. It is a perfect gift on any occasion for school, birthday, Christmas, any holiday, or just because your little one is sure to love this set. Dimensions: 6.25 x 8.5 inches.', [], 0)
(172518, 'This semi truck carrier is a beautiful gift for every boy! nice size, colored, the kids will enjoy playing with it!', ['for every boy!'], -1)
(23053, 'The U.S. Army Drones are Justin Hammers attempt at making military-grade weaponry based on Tony Starks technology. The U.S. Army Drone is a wonder of modern science, completely autonomous as it takes orders from a centralized computer and performs without question  whether it be good or evil. The U.S. Army Drone is armed to the teeth and heavily armored, making it a formidable foe for Iron Man and War Machine.', [], 0)
(200238, "Perfect for your little princess fairy party. It's a great addition to play dates, give as a gift or use them as give aways at events.", [], 0)
(123823, 'Stockbooks are simple bound stamp albums made of extra heavy card stock with strips to hold the stamps or other contents and interleaves to separate the pages. They are available in many sizes and colors, with hard or padded covers and either white or black card stock as the background. Strips and interleaves can either be clear or glassine. Clear strips and clear interleaves along with a slipcase to help protect the contents are typically found in our higher end leather stockbooks. Stockbooks are an indispensible tool for every collector. They are useful for storing stamps before adding them to pre-printed albums as well as for keeping duplicates and extra stamps for trading. They are also recommended for starting topical collections or for storing your most valuable stamps in safe deposit boxes. Lighthouse stamp stockbooks are unmatched for consistently high quality.', ['for every collector.'], 0)
(199541, 'A Japanese import 1/10 scale ARTFX+ statue brought to you by Kotobukiya. Marvel\'s "Captain America: Civil War" finds Steve Rogers leading the newly formed team of Avengers in their continued efforts to safeguard humanity. But after another incident involving the Avengers results in collateral damage, political pressure mounts to install a system of accountability, headed by a governing body to oversee and direct the team. The new status quo fractures the Avengers, resulting in two campsone led by Steve Rogers and his desire for the Avengers to remain free to defend humanity without government interference, and the other following Tony Stark\'s surprising decision to support government oversight and accountability. Iron Man Mark 46 as seen from the movie Captain America: Civil War. Sculpted and painted in detail from his mask, armor tech suit, down to the rubbled ground, Iron Man poses with his right arm stretched out, ready to shoot at Captain America. Bases for both Iron Man and Captain America can be combined together to form a battle scene.', [], 0)
(208635, '3 years & up. Fidget to focus! Calling all kinesthetic learners! If your child or anyone else you know has trouble staying focused enough to learn without doing something with their hands, this is the perfect little gadget for them to fidget with. This colorful little fidget by The Pencil Grip twists, spins, and rotates at the slightest manipulation of your fingers. Not only will it help focus your floating attention when you need to, it\'s also a fun way to pass the time in any situation where you are forced to wait. Made from durable, non-toxic materials. Easily wipes clean. Set of 6. Size: 2"H x 3.5"W fully expanded. Features 2 blue rings interconnected by 2 peanut-shaped grips: Colors will vary.', [], 0)
(205894, 'Man Humor German Virgin Heads & Tails Good Luck Novelty Coin - Gift for Men!  This Man Humor German Virgin coin is a play on the German word for no - "nein", so when a card player is dealt two nines in a hand it is comically referred to as a German Virgin. Artisan crafted and built to last, this novelty coin is sure to be a humorous conversation starter!  This must have risque pin up girl has an eye catching design and a detailed raised strike. The contrast between the painted finish and raised die-cut is stunning! Balanced for flipping with a 1.5" (40mm) easy to catch round design. Heads and Tails flipping coins are a popular gift idea and are used as lucky lotto scratchers, golf ball markers, poker card guards and much more! A most unexpected and welcome gift for any occasion and for that hard to buy for man, groomsmen, boyfriend, husband or card player! Specifications:  Material: Plated metal alloy Size: 40mm diameter, 2mm thickness Quality: Heirloom, pass down to generations Includes 1" x 1.5" tiny novelty playing card deck', ['for Men!'], -1)
(3314, 'Originally developed on a Russian DCC clone PDP Computer by a humble employee of the Moscow Academy of Sciences, Alexey Pajitnov\'s mega hit succeeds where other puzzle games have failed: by keeping it simple. Seven blocks, known as Tetraminoes, and one empty "well" quickly translate into hopeless addiction. There are few games that haunt you even after you stop playing -- but 30 minutes with this puzzle masterpiece and you\'ll see Tetris pieces wherever you look. No matter what platform it\'s on, Tetris remains one of the purest and accessible videogames ever made, proving that some of the most addictive games are the simplest. Tetris  and Game Boy go together better than peanut butter and jelly. With the bright colors available in  Tetris DX  for Game Boy Color it\'s become a match made in heaven. Opting not to tamper with perfection, the developers have delivered a classic  Tetris  game. The main difference between this game and its portable predecessors is the presence of colorful graphics. The backgrounds change color as you build lines and the brightly colored pieces are easy to see.', [], 0)
(77341, 'Fly away to Fairy Land with these flashing inflatable wings! Perfect accessory for any fairy princess.', ['for any fairy princess.'], 1)
(72328, 'Munchy Ball is a vinyl ball with a mouth that opens when you squeeze it. When you squeeze it, his mouth opens for you to feed him. This is the perfect resistance to work on strengthening while having fun feeding him bugs. Included is one vinyl ball. You can make up games to play or just see what you can feed Munchy Ball.', [], 0)
(90794, 'Convert, arm and attack with all the Transformers action you can handle! Windcharger is a fierce Autobot who captures and controls his targets with ultra-powerful magnetic fields. This Windcharger figure looks just like him and hell be a match for any Decepticon who tries to take him on! He converts fast from robot mode to speedy sports car mode, and no enemy can hope to escape him! Keep converting him back and forth so he can handle whatever his foes dish out! Transformers and all related characters are trademarks of Hasbro.', [], 0)
(119948, 'This discontinued Palace Pets mini plush is a must have for your little princess.', ['for your little princess.'], 1)
(19744, 'Cylena was the foremost hunter of her shard even before recent tragedies, which have plunged her people into a desperate struggle to avenge the destruction of Nyss culture. Recent fighting for survival has honed them into a peerless killing force. They unleash withering arcing volleys, pinning down foes regardless of attempts to hide or evade. They are equally adept with their claymores, each bearing an edge sharp enough to cleave flesh, bone, and even metal.  Miniatures come unpainted and unassembled in their original packaging. Books are in brand new condition.', [], 0)
(213024, 'Romance Chef is for couples looking to indulge in a heightened sensual connection.     Even the most adventurous couples can find themselves in a rut from time to time. Just as it takes the right ingredients and instructions to make a Delicious and Scrumptious \'food recipe\'... It takes the right ingredients and instructions to  Make Your Relationship Romantic, Sexy, Spicy, Fun, Meaningful and Fulfilling!     These are not food recipes...they are recipes for couples who want to take their marriage and/or relationships to the next level. Whether you are newly engaged, in a long term relationship or struggling for new ideas for sexual intimacy ...Romance Chef is the  Secret to Improving Your Love Life and Getting Your Romance Back On Track . On each of the 150 cards included in your Romance "recipe box", you will get both the "ingredients" and "instructions" needed to create a unique and romantic experience. The Romantic recipes range from Sweet and Simple, to Elaborate and/or downright Kinky. You Deserve a Great Sex Life Filled with Romance, Love and Intimacy. Don\'t accept less than you deserve. Get These Ideas Today to Improve your Love Life! Don\'t miss out... Click the Add to Cart button  to get the ultimate Date Night in a box solution.  Don\'t Wait...Do it now! YOU WILL BE HAPPY YOU DID! Great Unique Gift Ideas and Personalized Gifts for: Wedding Gift, Bachelorette Gifts, Romantic Gifts, Valentines Day Gifts & more. There is a plan for a second edition where the man can reciprocate and do extra special things for his woman. But I\'m sure even before that edition comes out...that men whose women are experimenting and doing all of the special ideas included in Romance Chef...that those men will be doing extra special things for their woman to show their gratitude.  It\'s a win/win for both and most importantly it\'s a win for the relationship!', [], 1)
(77859, ' Do you love to knit? Want to be a master? Now, you can enjoy putting your creativity mind into making your own scarf with this Darn Yarn Kits from Fashion Angels. Each kit comes with 1 project tote, knitting loom, yarn hook, yarn needle, 247 yard of yarn, and instructions. Darn Yarn loom and hook. Fun for knitters of any skill level. Re-use the loom over \'n over again. The "Find Your Wings" series empowers girls to be confident and stylish young women through creative activities & products just for them. This series is made up of the items below (EACH SOLD SEPARATELY):  • BCC9580I9-078I0911E77 ( Darn Yarn Bow Headband Kit ) • BCC9580782-078I0911E60 ( Darn Yarn Infinity Scarf Kit ) • BCC9580775-078I0911EQ ( Darn Yarn Monster Hat Kit ) • BCC95H624-078I0911EM ( Darn Yarn Pom-Pom Scarf Kit )', ['for knitters of any skill level.'], 0)
(52129, 'Need more storage space in your little boy\'s playroom? Calego has just the solution, with this lightweight, sturdy pop-up 3D Imagination Toy Chest for Boys. The handy toy chest arrives folded flat. Just unfold it and assemble using handy hook-and-loop tabs. When it\'s time to clean up, just fill the chest with toys and pop the fabric top over everything, for a tidy playroom in a jiffy. The blue toy chest with its handy lid features a cheery choo-choo train and the numbers 1-2-3 and A-B-C. This parent-friendly, child-safe toy chest will help your child learn to put everything away when play time is over. When assembled, Calego\'s 3D Imagination Storage Bench measures H 16" x W 30" x D 14.5" when assembled.', ['for Boys.'], -1)
(151675, 'The holidays are right around the corner! Get ready for your next Christmas party by decorating with these iridescent snowflake confetti. Perfect for sprinkling on tables to dress them up, using in party invitations, or of course - throwing!. Each package contains 0.5 ounces of confetti Material(s): plastic Pack includes 6 packages of the confetti shown', [], 0)
(141649, 'Win the Candy-Coated Heart of Princess Bubblegum! The benevolent ruler of the Candy Kingdom has been working too hard in her lab and needs to go out and socialize (so say her loyal subjects). Are you the righteous suitor that can compete with science for a date with Princess Bubblegum? Love Letter: Adventure Time is a game of risk, deduction, and luck for 2-4 players.', [], 0)
(141792, "It's slime time! Kwazii is searching a shipwreck for his grandfather's long-lost spyglass but he must be very careful-the golden spyglass is guarded by a sentinel slime eel! Includes Kwazii, his spyglass and a slime eel!.", [], 0)
(101723, '32CT Showcase Captain America 2 Kids Classroom Valentine Exchange Cards that contains 32 Fold & Seal Card Count. 8 card designs per box with 48 sticker seals designed for boys.', ['for boys.'], -1)
(118710, 'Feeding and exercising are two of the most important ways to care for your new Trakehner stallion and foal, and with this playset, you can do both! The set comes with your horses favorite treats as well as a spacious corral for them to gallop around. Makes a great gift for any horse lover!', ['for any horse lover!'], 0)
(124184, 'Our new full body, performance quality, ventriloquist doll style puppets feature an incredibly easy moving mouth. They also come with a metal arm control rod. For those who have no idea what that means (dont worry, alot of people ask!) the rod is a thin metal "wand" that simply clips to either hand for movement. This is how Muppet and Sesame Street type puppets are operated. Simply insert your hand into the slot in the puppet\'s back to operate the mouth. By opening and closing your hand the puppet\'s mouth will move.  Bodies are poly-fill stuffed and soft making them light-weight. They weigh in at about 1 pound. These puppets are very durable and are made to last a lifetime.   The puppet comes completely dressed as shown (clothing may vary slightly due to fabric availability). Clothes are removable and this puppet wears child size 18 months.   Our new 25" puppets are highly recommended for both beginners and experienced puppeteers. Their mouths are so easy to move and wont hurt your hand making them perfect for puppet ministry, school performances, talent shows, drama, theater, therapy, good clean fun at home, and more! Give them a try and we promise you wont be disappointed!  Recommended for ages 5 and up. Children under this age would enjoy having an adult or older child operate it and put on the show for them.', ['for both beginners and experienced puppeteers.'], 0)
(93253, 'Original CNACCASU Apparel with registered Trademark. \n  \n Frozen Elsa 3pc Princess Outfit;Used For: 18" Doll For American Girl  \n CNACCASU Frozen Elsa Magic Princess Outfit 3pc Jacket Skirt Cloak for 18 Inch American Girl Doll Clothes(FBA);Adorable Cut outfit for an American Girl doll!The top jacket piece, the skirt, and the cape part which all parks buttons connecting. \n Item includes: 3pc Outfit including Jacket+ Skirt +Cloak \n  Other accessories not included(The doll and shoes is not include package) \n Notes: color differences allowed for light effects. \n', [], 0)
(80353, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : AB/W31-E010 Card Text : AUTO When this card attacks, choose one of your characters with "AUTO Encore [Put a character from your hand into your waiting room]", and that character gets +1 soul until end of turn. Color : Yellow Cost : 2 Level : 2 Power : 8000 Rarity : R Side : W Soul : 2 Traits : Death - Student Council Trigger : 1 Type : Character', [], 0)
(192611, ' Virtual Explorer: Where Real and Virtual Play Connect  The Virtual Explorer is an interactive, integrated 4-in-1 system that combines exciting virtual reality and augmented reality technology with hands-on activities and real STEM learning! Space Expedition  Go on an amazing journey through our solar system, combining 4 different ways to explore into one unique experience! The easy-to-use tabletop planetarium projects hundreds of stars on your walls from Earth’s night sky at the touch of a button. See different constellations as you set the planetarium to specific dates and seasons of the year. Includes cosmic night light. Use the explorer activity guide poster with your planetarium to learn about constellations, space expeditions, and more. Find answers to each activity and match them with the VR and AR cards which then unlock exciting virtual adventures! Use the high-quality virtual reality goggles with your smart phone and the free app to take expeditions through space. Just scan the VR cards and unlock realistic VR space experiences as you observe and learn about different planets from our solar system. The VR goggles also work with many other VR apps. Scan the 3D augmented reality cards with your VR goggles and watch as interactive 3D model images of planets and spacecraft come to life in your hand! Includes 9 different augmented reality cards. NOTE: cards are required to unlock VR and AR experiences in app.   What’s In The Box  Includes virtual reality (VR) headset, free app, 9 augmented reality and VR cards, star planetarium, and explorer activity guide poster Smartphone Compatibility Requirements   Requires a compatible iOS or Android smart phone (not included) as follows. Screen Size:  Requires smartphones with width between 2 7/8 and 3 inches and length between 4  and 6 1/8 inches long Minimum Operating System:  iOS (Apple): 8.4 or newer  Android: 4.3 or newer  To test compatibility of your smartphone, try downloading the free Virtual Explorer app to your phone before purchasing the product. Recommended Smartphones:  Works best with Phone 6+, Samsung Galaxy S6, Motorola Moto X (2014), HTC One, iPhone 6, Samsung Galaxy S5, Motorola Droid Turbo, Nexus 5, iPhone 5s, LG G4, iPhone 5c*, LG G3, iPhone 5* *Note: Virtual Explorer app may not be optimized for these models About Uncle Milton  Since 1946, Uncle Milton has created innovative products that inspire imagination and learning while encouraging kids to explore and discover their world. Satisfaction Guaranteed', [], 0)
(53396, "There is no scheme too low for Starscream. His all-consuming hunger for absolute power overcomes what little reason there is in him, driving him to adopt ever more vile plots in his quest to unseat Megatron as leader of the Decepticons. No matter how wildly irresponsible the plot, he will take any chance he thinks might grant him more power. Over the years, he has poisoned his systems with more arcane and unstable technology than any other Decepticon, and one day he will pay the price. Starscream is back and more supreme than ever! Everyone will know that this mighty Year of the Horse Supreme Starscream figure is the most dangerous Decepticon around, because he's bristling with weapons. He's a 2-fisted threat with a snap-out energy sword in one hand and a flip-out null-ray cannon in the other. His blasting and battle sounds will amp up the battle, and his mighty shoulder cannons glow as they fire! When he needs to blast off for in-air combat, he can convert to armored jet mode and launch his missile at unsuspecting Autobots. Your Transformers adventures will be off the hook with this Supreme Starscream figure!", [], 0)
(32820, '3D shaped Brontosaurus Dinosaur Pinata measures 25.5 inches long from nose to tail, 9 inches wide and 18 inches tall. Pinata holds up to 3 pounds of toys and candy (sold separately). Decorated with tissue paper and print cutouts, pinata features a green dinosaur with yellow neck and nose, yellow dots on back and black horn on head. This 3 dimensional pinata is a great decoration and fun party game for boys birthdays on the dinosaurs party theme.', ['for boys '], -1)
(88497, "Clone Troopers are soldiers in the Grand Army of the Republic. They fight to defend the Republic during the Clone Wars. This detailed 12-inch Star Wars figure looks just like a Clone Trooper! He's a huge, 12-inch warrior for the cause of the Republic who comes armed with his own blaster for any battle you send him into. Whether you're sending him into battle or standing him up in your collection, your Star Wars adventures are going to be epic! Star Wars products are produced by Hasbro under license from Lucasfilm Ltd. Hasbro and all related terms are trademarks of Hasbro. Clone Trooper figure stands 12 inches tall Comes with Lightsaber Figure comes with accessory space toy; movie toy; collectible toys; action figures; boys toys.", ['boys toys.'], -1)
(142316, 'Designed in a bold black color with a vibrant summer dress and hat theme, this diary is well constructed and has a lock and key mechanism. Give your young ones the ability to put their limitless imagination and their little secrets into words with this wonderful diary. Allow for them to earn their first bit of independence and feel mature and trusted with this secret diary that locks. Makes for the perfect gift on any occasion; school, birthday, christmas, any holiday, or just because your little one is sure to love this set.', [], 0)
(65541, 'Cardfight!! Vanguard is a Japanese trading card game published by Bushiroad. It was created in collaboration between Akira Ito (Yu-Gi-Oh! R), Satoshi Nakamura (Duel Masters), and Bushiroad president Takaaki Kidani. The game was also released in conjunction with a TV anime series. In the game, players "ride" a unit as their Vanguard, which represents them on the board. They may also summon other units as Rear Guards to attack or support. The game is won by doing 6 points of damage to the opponent\'s Vanguard. Card Name : Shine Spear Liberator, Reinet Card Number : PR/0090EN Clan : Gold Paladin Critical : 1 Nation : United Sanctuary Power : 9000 Race : Human Rarity : PR Unit : Normal Card Effect : [AUTO](VC/RC):[Counter Blast (1)] When this unit\'s attack hits a vanguard, you may pay the cost. If you do, look at up to five cards from the top of your deck, search for up to one grade 3 or greater Gold Paladin from among them, reveal it to your opponent, put it into your hand, and shuffle your deck.', [], 0)
(41074, 'Explore the galaxy with the deluxe 60 piece Space and Astronauts Playset. Includes 40 astronaut figures, 2 orbital boosters, 2 space shuttles, a telescope, rover, lunar lander, and 2 flags. All comes in a handy carrying bucket for easy storage and transportation. One small step for man, one giant leap for Fun! Ages 3+', [], 0)
(16839, "Sophisticated in sable, Frisians are showy and slender. Originally from the Netherlands, ancestors of the modern-day Frisians valiantly carried Knights into battle, humbly worked on the farm, and victoriously competed in trotting races. Now, Frisians hold the privilege of serving as carriage horses, dressage competitors, circus participants, and many more. This active horse has countless desirable features including 'feathers' on their lower legs, thick manes and tails, healthy bone structure, good carriage, and willing temperaments. Ranging between fourteen and seventeen hands, this breed boasts a beautiful trot. Fun Facts:  When foals are first born, they can't eat grass because their long legs make it impossible for them to reach it. Zoological Name:  Equus ferus Conservation Status:  Domesticated Global Home:  Worldwide", [], 0)
(72233, 'Flute is Suave. A Great mask for a Man of Mystery. A tie-on black mask is hand-painted with glittery swirls. The mask has fabric ties. Each mask is our original design and hand decorated in the USA by our talented artists.', ['for a Man '], -1)
(174865, 'Put together a sweet surprise for someone special with this adorable Large Plastic Shopkins Favor Bag. This plastic bag is covered in dozens of assorted smiling Shopkins from seasons 1 and 2. Get one for every guest and give them out at the end of a Shopkins birthday party filled with candy, party favors, and of course - Shopkins!', ['for someone '], 0)
(80350, 'Weiss Schwarz is a CCG produced in collaboration with some of the most popular animation/ video game works in Japan. Players separate the "Weiss" side which features mainly pretty characters from the "Schwarz" side featuring cool characters. Though the title consists with various kinds of card sets, a carefully planned system and rules make it possible for players to mix any of them on each side and enjoy the game. Card Number : AB/W31-E019 Card Text : AUTO When this card attacks, choose one of your other Death characters, and that character gets +1000 power until end of turn. Color : Yellow Cost : 0 Level : 0 Power : 2500 Rarity : U Side : W Soul : 1 Traits : Death - Student Council Type : Character', [], 0)
(31972, ' Disney Princess Merida Bling Ball Shoes The perfect addition to any Merida dress up collection! These play heels are perfect for any princess in training and feature blue faceted gem detailing, an official Disney Princess cameo, and gold bows! Product Features These play heels are perfect for any princess in training Feature blue faceted gem detailing Comes with an official Disney Princess cameo, and gold bows! Recommended Ages: 3-6 years Product Measures: 2.13 x 7.25 x 10.75 inches The perfect addition to any Merida dress up collection. These play heels are perfect for any princess in training and feature blue faceted gem detailing, an official Disney Princess cameo and gold bows.', ['for any princess '], 1)
(41631, "What's the coolest way to zip around during a safari? In a Barbie pink Safari Cruiser, of course! With room for two in the front and two in the back, this open-air cruiser is built for fun, flair and all four sisters (dolls sold separately)! There's a hot pink chassis, turquoise sunshade and seatbelts and a zebra-print curtain in the back. Don't miss the sparkles in the paint job or the paw prints and silhouette of Barbie herself in the shiny silver wheels. A giraffe design on the shiny grille is the perfect animal adornment. Seatbelts ensure everyone stays safe. Full of color and style and open-air for the best animal sightings, this is a vehicle for the wild life! Barbie Sisters Destination Jeep: This Jeep is the perfect adventure vehicle for Barbie and her sisters.", [], 0)
(201956, 'Get your favorite 1:55 scale Disney/Pixar Cars characters with new Piston Cup accessories! Dexter Hover wields his checkered flag and comes with 2 safety cones to direct traffic at hair-raising velocity. Other hotrod vehicles in the assortment include Lightning McQueen, Rusty Corn fuel, Darren Lead foot, Dirkson D Agostino and Slider Petrol ski. The racers pull off course for a tune up behind their personalized barrier, then speed back to the action. Get the fleet and recreate awesome racing scenes from the Cars movie! These unique, highly detailed vehicles are a must have for your cool collection! Each sold separately, subject to availability. Colors and decorations may vary.', [], 0)
(108774, 'What a perfect way to celebrate your party by sharing matching dress for their 18" dolls with your friends.! THE DOLL, SHOES AND HAIR ACCESSORIES ARE NOT INCLUDED.', [], 0)
(182214, 'The F-Unit is probably the most recognized diesel locomotive in North American history. It was found on railroads from East to West and North to South. The EMD F7 was a 1500 hip multi-purpose locomotive. After the introduction of Amtrak in 1971 the AT&SF repurposed many of its F-units for freight use, swapping the traditional red War bonnets for a blue equivalent and removing their steam generators - although many still retained the original dual passenger headlights.', [], 0)
(22231, 'Plush, 12" Manufactured by Purr-Fection. For more than 25 years, Purr-Fection has built their great reputation for their on time delivery and providing superb quality plush toys for an excellent value. All of Purr-Fection\'s products are hand sewn and only the highest quality materials are used during production. All products are manufactured to surpass all US and European safety standards.', [], 0)
(140393, '  KidKraft Little Doll Furniture Set Let’s play with our favorite dolls! The Lil Doll Furniture Set would make a great gift for any young girls and is sure to lead to hours of fun, imaginative play. Features:', ['for any young girls '], 1)
(212214, 'What is shaped like a penis and tastes like your favorite frou-frou drink? Cocktails of course! Once again, our favorite naughty candy makers, Candyprints, have created a delicious addition for any girls night...or boys night out! Perfect for bachelorette parties, birthday parties, cake decorations, drink stirs, or even as just a yummy lollypop. These super affordable goodies are guaranteed to be a hit! CHEERS!', ['for any girls night...or boys night out!'], 0)
(193244, 'Gift Set of 3 Different Precious Gems Tins including "Persian Emerald", "Burmese Red", "Ceylon Sapphire" & Bonus "Matty\'s Toy Stop" Storage Bag! Revered for their beauty, power, and Mystique, precious gems have been fascinating people of all cultures for centuries. Created to capture the essence of Ruby, Sapphire, and Emerald, our Precious Gems Thinking Putty collection is a colorful way to inspire brilliance. Thinking Putty is stress relieving, hand exercising, mind expanding, totally fun, and NEVER DRIES OUT! Gluten free, latex free and amazing for special needs, gifts & much more! For Ages 8 and up.', [], 0)
(202540, 'From Good Smile Company. From the popular anime series Pandora in the Crimson Shell: Ghost Urn comes a Nendoroid of Clarion! She comes with a alternate expression for comat as well as her combat knives "Yoryu" and "Haiko" as well as effect parts for her Plasma Neko Punch which allow you to recreate all sorts of combat scenes from the series. She also comes with parts to display her accessing her Pandora Device together with an embarrassed expression which suits the pose perfectly! BUER is also included and can also be set on Clarion\'s neck accessory. BEUR also has an articulated middle leg allowing for various different nuances together with Clarion!.', [], 0)
(169503, 'Goooood morning, campers! I hope you got plenty of sleep last night, because Sensei Saru has a full day of training in store for you! So study your lessons well, and be quicker and craftier than your fellow campers, as Sensei only invites the best to be his personal apprentices. Will it be YOU?!One of the Small Box/Big Fun line of games from Action Phase Games, Ninja Camp pits animal martial artists against one another in a training exercise where the best will become the personal ninja apprentice of Sensei Saru. Each player starts with two cards, each representing a ninja skill, with the rest of the deck making up the game board. By using the cards in their hand, players navigate the board, adding new skills to their hand as they do-and leaving fewer movement options for their fellow campers. Each player also has a unique ninja ability that he can use once per game to try to turn the game in his favor. A game that sets up and plays in thirty minutes or less, Ninja Camp is sure to provide hours of fun for families and future ninjas!.', ['for families '], 0)
(64472, 'Every family member has something special to share in the Fisher-Price Loving Family Collection. This cute little toddler loves to go for walks with her family while she rides on her little giraffe! Every family member has something special to share in the Fisher-Price Loving Family Collection. This cute little toddler loves to go for walks with her family while she rides on her little giraffe!', [], 0)
(130149, "Little girls can have the love and fun of real babies with this Snackin Sara doll. She's a sweet little doll who needs your daughter to make tasty snacks for her. Help her use the reusable doll food and shaping tools to make different kinds of snacks to feed her Snackin Sara doll. Then its changing time. The doll tells her when shes hungry, sleepy, or full with phrases in English and French, like is it snack time? you'll love watching your little girl learn about being a mommy with the Snackin Sara doll.", ['Little girls '], 1)
(34390, "It's time for a checkup with everyone's favorite doctor, Doc McStuffins. The Disney Doc McStuffins Time For Your Checkup Doll Set includes Doc in her doctor fashions, stethoscope, doc kit, otoscope, thermometer, and reflex hammer.", [], 0)
(184881, '1PC Light-Up Crown Headband Polka Dot Blinking LED Flashing For Birthday Party                                    Features: Material:PVC+LED Llignt Color:Pink,Red,Yellow,Blue Crown width: 150mm Bowknot thickness: 20mm Bowknot height: 80mm Headband height: 220mm Headband tension: 125-170mm Batteries: 3x AG13 Replaceable Cell Batteries Included \xa0 A fun accessory for girls of all ages Also great for birthday parties party favors playing dress-up and more Each headband features 3 flashing modes A fun crown shape and 3 super bright white LEDs. There is a small switch on the headband that can be used to turn the LEDs on or off. Suitable for outdoor and indoor (not water proof) Beautiful Colourful during the day and magically Lighting in the Dark \xa0 Package Included: 1x Crown Headband', ['for girls '], 1)
(133408, 'Rockin\' Rider Candy 2-in-1 Rocking Pony easily converts from a rocking pony to a rolling pony without any tools. She sings the exclusive "I\'m a Little Pony" song when her left ear is squeezed and says 6 fun talking phrases with sound effects when her right ear is squeezed. Your child will be amazed by Candy\'s synchronized moving mouth when she sings and talks. The soft and huggable plush is preferred by both Moms and Kids. Other features include realistic mane and tail, embroidered eyes, easy-grip handles, and non-slip foot steps. Parents can select the volume level that\'s right for their home. Rocking pony seat height is 12.5 inches, rolling pony seat height is 10 inches. Requires 3 AA batteries included. Candy is recommended for ages 12 months to 3 years and up to 40 lbs.', [], 0)
(120186, 'The Little Friends are having company over to their new dollhouse and could use some bright new furniture for their living area! This 4-piece set features a large couch, round coffee table and two arm chairs, all made of sturdy plywood. No assembly required. Chair height: 2".', [], 0)
(43355, 'Girls Sassy Stripes Zebra Costume for girls features a zebra-stripe dress with a contrasting pink zipper on the top and a flouncy mesh skirt with an attached tail. The attached hood has zebra ears and mane that coordinate with the zebra-stripe glovelettes and leg warmers with pink trim  wild!\n\nGirls Sassy Stripes Zebra Costume includes:\nDress\nAttached hood\nAttached tail\nGlovelettes\nLeg warmers\n\nAccessories sold separately.', ['for girls '], 1)
(52404, 'Star Trek Tribble Jungle Snake Camouflage - Large Size. NEW DUAL SOUND VERSION with both Cooing AND Agitated Sounds! Sounds Alternate Randomly -- No Need to switch between sounds like that other brand!  TRIBBLES (Polygeminus grex) are small, non-intelligent lifeforms originating from Iota Geminorum IV. Known for their prodigious reproductive rate, these round, furry creatures emit cooing sounds while touched, which have a tranquilizing effect on the human nervous system. TRIBBLES make the perfect pet! TRIBBLES come in a variety of shapes and sizes. Find the one thats right for you! These Tribbles are guaranteed not to reproduce, and will not grow to enormous size. They are friendly to all humans. If you are a Klingon, however, there are no guarantees.  Large TribbleToys Tribbles are sound- and touch-activated; Medium Tribbles are touch-activated; Small Tribbles and Keychain Tribbles have no sound or motion.', [], 0)
(2514, 'The Captain globe is an ideal desktop globe for those seeking a nice addition to their office or home library decor. The Captain Globe features a 9-inch up-to-date antique earth tone color featuring thousands of named paces and points of interest with a complementing numbered meridian and wood stand.', [], 0)
(210878, "Amaze your party guests with this stunning Custom Chic 70th Birthday Black and Gold Personalized Birthday Party Decorations Party Banner. Banners are great wall decorations for your milestone party and can be saved as a special keepsake after the celebration. Our Happy Birthday party banners have two lines of text and have plenty of space for each guest to sign their name if you would like to use the banner as a guest book. Banners are printed onpremium-grade satin paper with a photo-like shine that's made in the USA,and can be hung with tape.", [], 0)
(55727, 'Marble chess sets will forever be heralded for their ancient and classic appeal. Some players enjoy the heavy feel of the marble pieces, while others adore their natural beauty. Marble chess sets are often enjoyed during games outdoors because they hold up to humidity or a breezy day. This fine marble chess set is 12 inches and is adorned with coral and black swirls and veins.', [], 0)
(57222, "Gund has been creating unique teddy bears and other soft toys since 1898. Recognized the world over for their quality and innovation, Gund's award-winning products appeal to all ages, from infants up and are perfect for both play and collecting. Remember-Gund-the world's most huggable!", [], 0)
(68420, "Your Journey Girl is loving being a tourist in London -- and she doesn't care who knows it! This Journey Girls Fashion Accessories set comes with everything she needs to for a day of sightseeing, including an 'I Love London' tee, a camera and a map. A denim hat and red gladiator sandals finish off the look in totally tour-ific style! \n\nThe Journey Girls 18 inch Doll London Fashion Accessories - Tourist features:\nIncludes a t-shirt, hat, pair of sandals, camera and map\nWhite t-shirt features 'I Love London' text with a British flag heart; fastens at the back with a touch closure\nDenim conductor cap and red gladiator sandals add extra style\nPlay camera and map of London are perfect for any tourist\nFits most dolls measuring 18 inches\nMix and match with Journey Girls outfits and accessories (available separately) for loads of different looks", [], 0)
(115981, "The third release continues Tamiya's tradition of excellence with this 1/72 cale model. This version is specifically of the F-16CJ (Block50) and it shares some of the same level of details as its larger counterparts. It is the perfect scale model for modelers confined to smaller display areas to show off their hard modeling work.", [], 0)
(188433, 'Transformers Generations Titans Return Legends Class figures are 3.75-inch scale figures. When this Legends Class Gnaw figure is in shark mode, Titan Master figures fit inside. Additional figures are each sold separately. Subject to availability. In Titans Return, the Autobots and Decepticons unite with Titan Masters, small bots that carry a power boost. Titan Masters are key to controlling an ancient race of warriors the size of cities: the Titans. Where Gnaw goes, hundreds of Sharkticons follow. Known for their limitless appetite and razor sharp teeth, he and his troop of Sharkticons tear apart bots left vulnerable on the battlefield. While they cant agree on who gets the first bite, they can agree on remaining loyal to the master who fed them last. Character Specs: Gnaw: assault lookout Figure Specs: Legends Class Gnaw Modes: robot, shark Converts in 12 Steps Accessory Comes with a character card with tech specs Transformers and all related characters are trademarks of Hasbro.', [], 0)
(22229, 'Plush,4",Small Brown Bunny Manufactured by Purr-Fection. For more than 25 years, Purr-Fection has built their great reputation for their on time delivery and providing superb quality plush toys for an excellent value. All of Purr-Fection\'s products are hand sewn and only the highest quality materials are used during production. All products are manufactured to surpass all US and European safety standards.', [], 0)
(139620, 'Penguin Life Cycle felt set comes with 12 adorable images for teaching the unique life stages of a penguin. Children will love learning more about how both mother and father play important roles in caring for their young.    Image sizes range up to 8 inches. Since all of our felts are high quality, cutting is a snap. *** This set is uncut and will need to be trimmed out before use.', [], 0)
(78771, 'Girls beloved Princess Belle from Disneys animated classic Beauty and the Beast absolutely dazzles in golden yellow, head to toe sparkling fashions with a uniquely Beauty-ful silhouette! She wears a shiny translucent rose crown, shimmery overlay on a floor length skirt and coordinating slippers. Girls can relive favorite fairy tale scenes with this royal beauty all dressed up for the moment when her dreams come true! Other enchanting princesses in the collection include Cinderella, Ariel, Sleeping Beauty, Snow White, Tiana, Jasmine and Merida. Collect them all and sparkle ever after! Each sold separately. Ages 3 and older.', ['Girls '], 1)
(185701, 'White Lady is amazing Czech handmade puppet. Each inch is hand-sewn and hand-painted. This Marionette will bring a positive energy into your home and she will definitely make a smile on your face. Real masterpiece! White Lady is a creature known from fairy tales and legends. This lady has a rich history herself. Shes a typical ghost from Czech and other European castles that started being seen in early Middle Age. Shes not necessary a bad spook. When White Lady showed up to somebody, she was bringing a warning of war or danger. She became very popular for her kind nature. Our White Lady Puppet wears typical while long dress embroidered with a silver thread, tall hat, lace veil, and silver shoes that go with her whole outfit. Her white dress creates great contrast with her big brown eyes and dark long hair made of wig. You can also notice such a detail like red nails matching color of her lips. The whole puppet is handmade. She stands 16 inches tall. White Lady Marionette rightfully belongs to Czech Marionettes Royal Collection. Please, note that each marionette is an original piece of artwork and it may slightly differ from the pictures above. For example, the dress colour could be different, depanding on the availibity of materials. Thank you for your understanding.', [], 0)
(47654, 'Get the job done with the Eitech Basic Mini Forklift Construction Set! Designed to promote fine motor skills, creativity and engineering prowess, Eitech sets feature stainless-steel interchangeable parts, leaving no boundaries for the imagination! Tools and step by step illustrated instructions are included for easy to follow directions. Eitech is designed, engineered and manufactured in Germany. Get the job done with the Eitech Basic Mini Forklift Construction Set! This metal building kit is the latest addition to the Basic construction line. Eitech Basic construction sets are perfect for beginners or those looking to brush up on their building skills. Designed to promote fine motor skills, creativity and engineering prowess, all Eitech kits feature interchangeable parts, leaving no boundaries for the imagination. Set builds two models. Tools and step by step illustrated instructions are included for easy to follow directions. Eitech is designed, engineered and manufactured in Germany.', ['for beginners or those looking to brush up on their building skills.'], 0)
(51275, 'Curious George wearing a graduation cap and gown. 8" feet to head. Gund has been creating unique teddy bears and other soft toys since 1898. Recognized the world over for their quality and innovation, Gund\'s award-winning products appeal to all ages, from infants up and are perfect for both play and collecting. Remember-Gund-the world\'s most huggable!.', [], 0)
(87362, 'As night falls in New York City, Rebecca readies herself for bedtime in the room she shares with her twin sisters. Put her to bed to dream of being a movie star in this beautiful set which features: A metal scrollwork bedframe with golden medallions A plush mattress A lacy white bedspread with a double-layer of sheer fabric on the sides A striped pillow that fits into an elegantly embroidered bolster with tassels at the sides Bed is for 18" Dolls', [], 0)



(155007, 'Chubby Puppies and Friends are stumbling, fumbling, tumbling cuteness youll fall for! Now you can dress Chubby Puppies up with their own fashion theme set. This Tuxedo Shorthair loves to play dress up with her assortment of wings! Dress her up in adorable butterfly and bee wing costumes. There are even cute antennas for her head to complete the look. Its cuteness overload! These fumbling, tumbling friends love to run after their toys. The Tuxedo Shorthair comes with a special Butterfly Wand fashion accessory that she holds in her mouth. Give her a lift in her cute carrier or easily fit all of her accessories inside to take wherever you go! Put on a Chubby Puppies fashion show by collecting the entire line of Fashion Set Carrier Pups, including a Labrador, Boxer and Rosy Satin Bunny. Bring home the undeniable cuteness of Chubby Puppies and adopt your Tuxedo Shorthair, today!', [], 0)
(50805, 'Made by Stamps by Impression in Lewes, DE, USA. Each rubber stamp begins as an artists drawing. Much of the text is created with computer graphic software. The artwork is then reproduced on a magnesium plate. From this plate a matrix board mold is created. The stamp gum is vulcanized or cooked in the mold at 325 degrees under enormous pressure to form the rubber stamp die. The rubber is then affixed to a special cushion then carefully cut out. The cushioned die is then mounted onto a white maple block which is indexed with a clear vinyl label. - Stamps by Impression - "Craft Made in Small Batches since 1986" Stamps by Impression was born from my father\'s love for his wife and family. From the first arts and crafts show in Tucson, AZ we grew little by slowly. We spent 5 years is Camdenton, MO where we opened the very successful Rubber Stamp Store on the square in town. Relocating to Lewes, DE in Jan 1996 we moved our shop to the old ice plant at the end of New Rd. Still growing & always improving!', [], 0)
(39764, 'Injection-molded plastic detail parts. Another new weapons pack for 1/144 models focusing on the Bazooka and shield variants in Mobile Suit Gundam. Interchangeable parts and hand grips come with this set along with racks that are compatible with the System Base. Perfect for those looking to customize their 1/144 kits even further.', ['for those looking to customize their 1/144 kits even further.'], 0)
(55129, 'Made by Stamps by Impression in Lewes, DE, USA. Each rubber stamp begins as an artists drawing. Much of the text is created with computer graphic software. The artwork is then reproduced on a magnesium plate. From this plate a matrix board mold is created. The stamp gum is vulcanized or cooked in the mold at 325 degrees under enormous pressure to form the rubber stamp die. The rubber is then affixed to a special cushion then carefully cut out. The cushioned die is then mounted onto a white maple block which is indexed with a clear vinyl label. - Stamps by Impression - "Craft Made in Small Batches since 1986" Stamps by Impression was born from my father\'s love for his wife and family. From the first arts and crafts show in Tucson, AZ we grew little by slowly. We spent 5 years is Camdenton, MO where we opened the very successful Rubber Stamp Store on the square in town. Relocating to Lewes, DE in Jan 1996 we moved our shop to the old ice plant at the end of New Rd. Still growing & always improving!', [], 0)
(153370, 'Discover a whole new world at Ever After High with the Forest Pixies. In the epic Netflix Original Series "Dragon Games," the fairytale students at Ever After High find adventure in the Enchanted Forest where they meet the cute-sized Forest Pixies. These mystical protectors of the forest creatures are magical and have natural charm. Harelow doll, the Bunny Forest Pixie, looks fairy enchanting in a colorful outfit with rabbit-inspired accessories, like a bunny ear hairpiece for her long pink locks. Kids will love telling new epic tales of their own with these magical creatures! Collect all of the Ever After High Dragon Games dolls to tell your own epic tale (each sold separately, subject to availability). Includes Harelow Forest Pixie doll wearing fashions and accessories. Doll cannot stand alone. Colors and decorations may vary.', [], 0)
(113388, 'Your favorite 9" Disney Fairies Fashion Dolls are more dazzling than ever with these beautiful glistening fashions inspired by the new Fairies DVD, The Legend of the NeverBeast, coming soon in 2015. The fairies are dressed in trendy crinkled fashions and come with a bonus accessory your little girl will love. As a token of friendship, each fairy comes with an animal charm belt which doubles as an adorable bracelet for your little girl. The collection includes Tink, Fawn, Rosetta & Perwinkle. This is the perfect gift for your little girl to enjoy alongside the new Tinker Bell & the Legend of the NeverBeast DVD. Ages 4+.', ['for your little girl'], 1)
(143565, 'The Millennium Falcon was made by the Corellian Engineering Corporation. It was originally a YT-1300 Light Freighter, but then it was subsequently modified by smugglers. At that time, it was known as the Stellar Envoy. Then after going through a few owners and being crashed, Han Solo won the Millennium Falcon from Lando Calrissian in a card game. For Solo and his Wookiee copilot, Chewbacca, it was the perfect ship for their smuggling exploits through the galaxy. However, it wasnt long before they got themselves involved in the battle of the Alliance to Restore the Republic.', [], 0)
(121486, "Pie Factory'sheart and soul is the Assembly Line mechanic from which players draft ingredients for their pies. Each ingredient takes a certain amount of time to prepare and player order is rearranged each round to reflect time taken, so players must time their actions just right to make sure they get the ingredients they most want.", [], 0)
(54637, 'Made by Stamps by Impression in Lewes, DE, USA. Each rubber stamp begins as an artists drawing. Much of the text is created with computer graphic software. The artwork is then reproduced on a magnesium plate. From this plate a matrix board mold is created. The stamp gum is vulcanized or cooked in the mold at 325 degrees under enormous pressure to form the rubber stamp die. The rubber is then affixed to a special cushion then carefully cut out. The cushioned die is then mounted onto a white maple block which is indexed with a clear vinyl label. - Stamps by Impression - "Craft Made in Small Batches since 1986" Stamps by Impression was born from my father\'s love for his wife and family. From the first arts and crafts show in Tucson, AZ we grew little by slowly. We spent 5 years is Camdenton, MO where we opened the very successful Rubber Stamp Store on the square in town. Relocating to Lewes, DE in Jan 1996 we moved our shop to the old ice plant at the end of New Rd. Still growing & always improving!', [], 0)
(24625, 'White Hot backless doll tennis shoes. These are the latest fad, and now we have them for your American Girl or other 18 inch doll! Also available in lavender.', [], 0)
(71672, 'Adorable summer themed purse for little girls.', ['for little girls.'], 1)
(127675, 'Rockin\' Rider Prince animated plush spring horse features a whimsical horse pattern printed on soft, huggable plush. He magically comes to life with a synchronized moving mouth, nodding head, wiggling ears, and a swishing tail. He sings the exclusive "I\'m a little pony" Song When his right ear is pressed and says 6 fun talking phrases with sound effects when his left ear is pressed. Other features include motion-activated galloping sounds, 3-position stirrups, easy-grip handles, realistic mane and tail, detailed colorful saddle, embroidered eyes, sturdy steel frame, and durable spring covers. Parents can select the volume level that\'s right for their home. Some assembly is required. Saddle height is 26 inches. Requires 4 AA batteries included. Prince is recommended for ages 2 to 5 years and up to 65 lbs.', [], 0)
(100803, 'A set of 6 embroidered colorful headbands. Great favors for girls birthdays, holiday or class parties, or any other event where you need a special gift for a group of girls.They come in assorted colors. These headbands are eco-friendly for girls ages 4 to 13 years. The unique embroidery is done free hand by village women and varies in color, design and shape. Since each item is hand embroidered, each one is special and unique. The vintage fabric used for the headbands have been created by Indian artisans. They can be used both sides  it is like owning 2 beautiful headbands. Recommend Hand wash only. Kid friendly band adjusts to fit all kids. Non- slip. Packaged in cotton reusable bag.', ['for girls '], 1)
(55225, "Made by Stamps by Impression in Lewes, de, USA. Each rubber stamp begins as an artists drawing. Much of the text is created with computer graphic software. The artwork is then reproduced on a magnesium plate. From this plate a Matrix board mold is created. The stamp gum is vulcanized or cooked in the mold at 325 degrees under enormous pressure to form the rubber stamp die. The rubber is then affixed to a special cushion then carefully cut out. The cushioned die is then mounted onto a white Maple block which is indexed with a clear vinyl label. - Stamps by Impression - inch craft made in small batches since 1986 inch Stamps by Impression was born from my father's love for his wife and family. From the first arts and crafts show in Tucson, AZ we grew little by slowly. We spent 5 years is camdenton, MO where we opened the very successful rubber stamp store on the square in town. Relocating to Lewes, de in Jan 1996 we moved our shop to the old ice plant at the end of new Rd. Still growing & always improving", [], 0)
(151905, 'Watch the adorable Musician Lion, Crocodile and Mouse move and sway their arms and head when their solar strip is exposed to light. The solar moving seems to make the Lion appear to be conducting music, the Crocodile appear to play guitar and the Mouse appear to play drums. These novelty decorations are fun accessories for any desk, table, dashboard or counter. Solar figures also make wonderful gifts, especially for collectors adding to their collection. These Musician Animals attach to each other through the tongue and groove connectors on their plastic base. Harnessing the power of the sun, these Musician solar dancers also work as a study in alternative energy applications. Approx. Measurements Each: 4.5" tall and 2.5" base', [], 0)
(79062, "When our daughter was born HIE, we had no idea what that meant.  It meant, we later found out, that she had been deprived of oxygen for an indeterminate amount of time, and that she was going to suffer the consequences of that for the rest of her life.\n\nOne of the consequences was CVI, or Cortical Visual Impairment.  So they tell me my daughter's eyes work properly, but her brain interprets what the eyes see in a way that is not normal.  The equipment is fine, but the wiring is faulty.\n\nWe have struggled to find any number of therapies to help our daughter with her vision, and we came upon this toy, and have found it to help stimulate her visually.\n\nCortical Visual Impairment is not well understood by the masses, and those of us that have to deal with it, well, we have to find ways of helping our loved ones cope with it.\n\nThis cortical visual impairment toy is one tool you can use to help your child work on their vision.  It is a simple device, with battery-powered convenience.  This toy is lightweight, portable, and able to be placed in your child's visual acuity range and help them to focus and process solid colors that change in a slow pattern.\n\nThere are not many options when dealing with cortical visual impairment, and we have found this cortical visual impairment toy one of the best options we have found.\n\nWe even were able to get a consult with Dr. Christine Roman-Lantzy for our daughter's CVI.  During the consult we presented her with one of these cortical visual impairment toys, and she found it to be a good option and was going to evaluate it for it's potential to aid children with cortical visual impairment.\n\nI was happy to find this product, and now I am happy that you have found it as well.  It will serve you and your child well.", [], 0)
(122385, "Llama, Llama red pajama waiting, waiting for his mama. Mama isn't coming yet. Baby Llama starts to fret. In this infectious rhyming read-aloud, Baby Llama turns bedtime into an all-out llama drama! Tucked into bed by his mama, Baby Llama immediately starts worrying when she goes downstairs, and his soft whimpers turn to hollers when she doesn't come right back. But just in time, Mama returns to set things right. Children will relate to Baby Llama's need for comfort, as much as parents will appreciate Mama Llama's reassuring message.", [], 0)
(96914, "In CAMEL UP players are members of Egyptian High Society gathering in the desert for one of their favorite activities. You are attempting to gain the most money by backing the right camel to win a leg or even the entire race. However, in this race it's not only the lucky ones who can beat the odds. Reading the dynamics of the race and having a good sense of timing is just as important when it comes to backing the right camels and taking victory. You can bet on both the winning camel or loosing camel to be successful. Camel up is easy to learn to play, but full of game dynamics which will draw players in. Recommended for 2 to 8 players, ages 8 to 105 years. Great game for families, teens or adults. Winner of the  German Game of the Year Award for 2014   (Spiels des Jahres)", ['for families, teens or adults.'], 0)


(175316, 'Want to impress Mom with a VERY BIG and special personalized gift for MOTHER\'S \'S DAY 2014? Then send her this giant plush 66 inch tall rose with teddy bear hugging the rose petals. The bear\'s heart says: "THANKS MOM"! We\'ll even wrap this big plush Mother\'s Day Masterpiece with a personalized colorful satin ribbon that YOU personalize for FREE! This rose is real BIG; it measures a whopping five and a half feet tall! And the answer to your question, before you ask, is YES... this DOES ship in a 6 Feet Tall box, for maximum, big impression impact upon delivery. This unique gift of affection that is guaranteed to make a BIG impression with Mom that will last a lifetime. Say HAPPY MOTHER\'S \'S DAY with this giant Mother\'s Day personalized gift!')
(122204, 'Rosetta and her fairy friends are now more sparkling than ever! They created a whole new world of fun fashions from bursts of pixie dust sparkle that fell from the brightest star in Pixie Hollow. Each 4.5" fairy is dressed in their signature color and full of pixie dust sparkle that shines bright as ever! The collection includes Tink, Periwinkle, Rosetta and Fawn, an animal talent fairy from the new Tinker Bell & the Legend of the NeverBeast movie. This is the perfect gift for your little girl to enjoy alongside the all-new Disney Fairies movie. For ages 4 and up.')
(64385, "Tamashii Nations is proud to present the last Sailor Moon character needed to complete the five Inner Soldiers- the warrior of love and courage, Sailor Jupiter! Featuring a unique sculpt with accurate height and proportions, Sailor Jupiter is guaranteed to stand out in any S.H.Figuarts collection. Boasting superior articulation for recreating her famous action scenes from the anime, S.H.Figuarts Sailor Jupiter also features an articulated pony tail, interchangeable antenna hair parts, a total of four interchangeable faces, five sets of hands and display stand specifically made for the character! Show 'em your guts and fight with all you've got with S.H.Figuarts Sailor Jupiter! LOOK FOR ORIGIN OF SHIPMENT: Only items shipped from within North America are being sold by authorized U.S. retailers. The product box will have a warning label, which is proof that you are purchasing a collectible action figure or statue that is guaranteed and authentically licensed by Bandai, distributed by its sole and authorized distributor (Bluefin Distribution) exclusively for the U.S. and Canadian markets. This product has been thoroughly tested for safety and meets all North American consumer product safety regulations. The affixed label with the Bluefin Distribution logo also entitles the purchaser to product support assistance.")
(171985, 'Freddie of Isle of the Lost keeps the party going at the Neon Lights Ball! Inspired by the daughter of Dr. Facilier, this Freddie doll comes dressed in colorful neon fashions with detailed accessories for a totally head-turning look. Look for her fellow fashionable Disney Descendants dolls (each sold separately) to imagine an epic night at the ball! Copyright Disney Hasbro and all related terms are trademarks of Hasbro.')
(45289, 'Matching Girl & Doll Nightgown Set makes playtime and bedtime even more special. \n\nIt comes with a pink printed hearts and kitty cats nightgown for her and one for her 18" doll in the same design. \n\nThe ruffle trim and lively colors will make this set a favorite. \n\nPolyester. \n\nMachine care. \n\nDoll not included.')
(155655, 'This set includes a Disney Princesses 2016 calendar featuring Ariel, Tiana, Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, Rapunzel, Belle, Merida and Jasmine. The princess journal features pretty matching pink pages inside for her to fill up with all of her hopes and dreams! The matching pen features Ariel and Snow White. She even gets an extra note pad so that she can leave you reminders about all of the important events coming up in her year. Princesses are busy after all!')
(155183, 'This American Girl Crafts Sew and Stuff kit makes hedgehogs that are so cute and so much fun! American Girl Crafts are especially designed for girls ages 8 to 12, to encourage development and self-expression. Each pre-cut felt piece in this elephants Sew & Stuff Kit features perforated stitch guides, making it simple to sew 2 cute hedgehog pillowsone big and one mini. Craft kit includes step-by-step illustrated instructions. Ages 8+. Finished sizes: 11.25" x 7.75" and 6.25" x 5." Kit includes: Project & Idea Booklet, 3 Embroidery spools, 17 Felt pieces, Needle, Needle threader, Bag of stuffing, Illustrated instructions plus tips & advice from American Girl.')
(6461, 'From its namesake in Scotland, the Clydesdale is a breed of draft horses, able to pull loads and often seen today in parades. Used in pulling timber from forests, these horses are currently familiar as mascots of beverage companies. Known for being well-built, Clydesdales generally stand sixteen or seventeen hands high but have been measured at twenty. At birth, foals weigh around two hundred pounds, gaining almost five pounds per day in its first months! To ensure nutrition and health, a mother mare will produce almost sixty pounds of milk per day for her foal. Although sizeable, this breed possesses marked grace and docility. Item size in centimeters (L x W x H): 14.5 x 4.4 x 10.7.')
(75627, 'This adorable posable baby doll measures 11 inches tall and comes with a teddy bear, plate, fork, spoon, sippy cub and bottle. Everything fits in a darling backpack for mommies on the go! For ages 2 years and up.')
(55188, 'Made by Stamps by Impression in Lewes, DE, USA. Each rubber stamp begins as an artists drawing. Much of the text is created with computer graphic software. The artwork is then reproduced on a magnesium plate. From this plate a matrix board mold is created. The stamp gum is vulcanized or cooked in the mold at 325 degrees under enormous pressure to form the rubber stamp die. The rubber is then affixed to a special cushion then carefully cut out. The cushioned die is then mounted onto a white maple block which is indexed with a clear vinyl label. - Stamps by Impression - "Craft Made in Small Batches since 1986" Stamps by Impression was born from my father\'s love for his wife and family. From the first arts and crafts show in Tucson, AZ we grew little by slowly. We spent 5 years is Camdenton, MO where we opened the very successful Rubber Stamp Store on the square in town. Relocating to Lewes, DE in Jan 1996 we moved our shop to the old ice plant at the end of New Rd. Still growing & always improving!')
(113735, 'Blinking White Fairy Wings are the ultimate Halloween costume accessory! Add LED Light Up Wings to any outfit and *voila* you are a whimsical fairy princess! These lightweight easy-to-wear painted wings make great party favors for little birthday girls with big imaginations. To activate your Blinking Butterfly Wings, press the button located on the battery pack. LED lights flash continuously. NOTE: One size fits most. Dimensions: Height: 14.5 in. Width: 20.5 in. LED Colors: 2 Blue, 2 Jade, 2 Red. Blinking Butterfly Wings include 3 replaceable AG10 Batteries.')
(71266, 'From Kotobukiya. Following the recent releases of classic DC Comics characters in the full size ARTFX Statue scale (including Batman Black Costume, The Joker and Superman), Kotobukiya heads to Themyscira for a new presentation of the female member of DC\'s "Trinity," WONDER WOMAN! The Amazon warrior has never looked more regal and powerful than in this new look as envisioned by superstar artist Jim Lee. Confident and purposeful, Wonder Woman strides forward to confront whatever may come with dignity and determination. Diana wears her iconic outfit featuring the red and gold bodice with eagle motif, gold belt, blue skirt with white stars and tall red and white boots. Meanwhile, no version of Wonder Woman would be complete without her star-studded tiara, bracelets and Lasso of Truth at her waist and this version even adds a huge red cape that flows behind her! Frozen in mid-step, the superhero holds onto her cape at her sides, keeping it from getting in her way and stares intently with her head cocked ever so slightly. Her poise and strength contrast nicely with the subtle movement of her skirt, cape and waving hair which all combine to give Wonder Woman a larger than life presence! Standing just under 12 Inch tall (in the ARTFX 1/6 scale) atop a special base featuring her logo, Wonder Woman looks fantastic in any collection; she\'s also the final piece in an unofficial Trinity series with the Superman For Tomorrow and Batman Black Costume ARTFX statues, all of which were sculpted by the inimitable Kouei Matsumoto!')
(100680, "The Wolf crowd is gathering for their nightly ritual of howling and growling. It's hard to say which Wolf is leader of the pack.")
(205582, '3 wishesis a party/family game for 3-D players that plays in 3-5 minutes. With simple rules, this memory, intuition and bluffing game is as much about playing the game as it is about playing the other players. A poker face will go a long way  well, not too long, since the game may last only three minutes  and it will also serve you well as a fast and fun memory training. A not-so-nice-but-not-too-evil genie appears as if from nowhere (someone, somewhere probably did rub a lamp) and pitches the crowd against one another, granting the most astute player no fewer than three wishes  but not all wishes come true, and only the player with the right balance between Super powers, benefits for the world, and selfish gifts will be enter the good Graces of the genie. In more detail, each player has a hand of three cards, with two extra cards face down in the middle of the gaming table. On their turn, each player can either Peak at a card or swap cards with other players or the common pool on the table, aiming to get three different Type of wish cards. Once that happens, someone calls for the end of the game and all players reveal their hands and compare wish cards to determine the winner.')
(18529, 'Black Heritage Series. Artist: Annie Lee. Growing up in a basement apartment nestled in south side Chicago, Annie Moten, with her seamstress mother and older brother, learned life skills that have carried her to becoming Annie Lee, successful artist, seamstress, entrepreneur, and gourmet cook. Today, many of the subjects for her paintings of African American family life and women\'s daily experiences come from memories of childhood and from the challenges Annie faced as a single mother working to support two children. As demand for Annie Lee\'s artwork grew, she decided to save time painting by leaving the faces blank on her "little people", as her creations were called. These featureless, and yet so expressive images have become her trademark. Today her paintings and reproductions of black life are sold in over 2,000 galleries throughout the United States, Germany, Europe and most any place in the world where black people buy and request art. It has been noted that Annie\'s work is not limited to the black experience only. One writer said her subjects contain within them a yearning for simplicity, for happiness, for a fulfillment that we all share, despite age, race, or income. Piece Count: 550. Ages 12 and up.')
(54633, "Made by Stamps by Impression in Lewes, de, USA. Each rubber stamp begins as an artists drawing. Much of the text is created with computer graphic software. The artwork is then reproduced on a magnesium plate. From this plate a Matrix board mold is created. The stamp gum is vulcanized or cooked in the mold at 325 degrees under enormous pressure to form the rubber stamp die. The rubber is then affixed to a special cushion then carefully cut out. The cushioned die is then mounted onto a white Maple block which is indexed with a clear vinyl label. - Stamps by Impression - inch craft made in small batches since 1986 inch Stamps by Impression was born from my father's love for his wife and family. From the first arts and crafts show in Tucson, AZ we grew little by slowly. We spent 5 years is camdenton, MO where we opened the very successful rubber stamp store on the square in town. Relocating to Lewes, de in Jan 1996 we moved our shop to the old ice plant at the end of new Rd. Still growing & always improving")
(8652, "Learn to count with these friendly spotty dogs. Players take it in turn to spin the number spinner and pick a card from the table that shows a dog with the same number of spots. When the card is turned over, the player can see how many biscuit bones the dog has hidden in his basket. The winner is the player who has the highest number of bones when all the dog cards have been collected. This is an easy game to play, combining number recognition and counting skills in a simple, fun game. It also teaches patience as sometimes there are no dogs left with the right number of spots, so players have to wait for their next turn before they can collect any more bones. The illustrations are bright and cheerful and the game is quick to play, meaning it will hold children's attention. Orchard Toys products are made in Britain from durable, recycled board and have a wipe-clean finish, meaning they will stand the test of time against constant playing, wear and tear and messy hands! Our range is developed, designed and illustrated by our talented in-house team with education in mind. Working in conjunction with teachers, nursery professionals and children themselves, we ensure that every product maintains the perfect balance between educational benefits and play value...making learning fun!")
(153256, 'Keep building the fun from the video game with this large-scale Minecraft figure. This 5-inch Armored Up Alex figure features moves unique to her classic character. When the mobs get restless, Alex must be ready to fight! Her enchanted armor can be snapped on and off whenever its time for battle to bring her game-authentic moves to life! Relive your favorite moments from the world of Minecraft! Collect them all! Each sold separately, subject to availability. Colors and decorations may vary.')
(171091, "Amaze your party guests with this stunning 30th Milestone Birthday Dashingly Aged to Perfection party banner. Banners are great wall decorations for your party and can be saved as a special keepsake after the celebration. Our One Of A Kind Vintage party banners have two lines of text and have plenty of space for each guest to sign their name if you would like to use the banner as a guest book. Banners are printed onpremium-grade satin paper with a photo-like shine that's made in the USA,and can be hung with tape.")
(211624, 'Pirouettes are more than a card, they are a gift that the recipient will display and treasure. Since 1987, notes & queries, Inc. Has been dedicated to providing our customers the most innovative in design for greeting cards, boxed notes, journals, gift wrap and bags, and other stationery and gift items from the European and international markets. The UK, where much of our product is produced is the most competitive market for greeting cards in the world; designers truly need to be Cutting edge for their products to be successful. Notes & queries products boast inventive artwork, as well as many special finishes, such as embossing and letterpress, holographic foils, metallic foils, embellishments, specialty envelopes, die-cuts and more.')
(113552, 'Sabotenders are ambulatory cacti native to the Altepa Desert in Final Fantasy XI. They are well-known among adventurers for their merciless and fierce nature, especially when attacked. Their infamous ability, 1000 Needles, fires one-thousand of the eponymous projectiles at everything nearby. While this assault is survivable when divided across a group, it can easily claim the life of a lonely desert traveler.')
(81403, "Yu-Gi-Oh! is a strategic trading card game in which two players Duel each other using a variety of Monster, Spell, and Trap Cards to defeat their opponent's monsters and be the first to drop the other's Life Points to 0. Card Name : Dragon Horn Hunter Card Type : Pendulum Monster Card Number : DUEA-EN000 Set : Duelist Alliance Attribute : Dark Level : 6 Monster Type : Warrior Card Text : Pendulum Effect All Normal Monsters gain 200 ATK. You take no battle damage from battles involving Normal Monsters you control. Monster Effect The horns were needed to prepare a medicine for her village, suffering from a plague. Unknown to her, the dragons burned and trampled her village, once displaced from their den.")
(182211, 'Rockin\' Rider carrot 2-in-1 rocking pony easily converts from a rocking pony to a rolling pony without any tools. He sings the exclusive "I\'m a little pony" song when his left ear is squeezed and says 6 fun talking phrases with sound effects when his right ear is squeezed. Your child will be amazed by Carrot\'s synchronized moving mouth when he sings and talks. The soft and huggable plush is preferred by both moms and kids. Other features include realistic mane and tail, embroidered eyes, easy-grip handles, and non-slip foot steps. Parents can select the volume level that\'s right for their home. Rocking pony seat height is 12.5 inches, rolling pony seat height is 10 inches. Requires 3 AA batteries included. Carrot is recommended for ages 12 months to 3 years and up to 40 lbs.')
(99446, 'Great Disney Frozen graphics and beautiful colors make this the perfect bag for all little girls.')
(92908, 'This black ruffled skirt set comes with a polka dot skirt, white top, red hat, scarf with Santa face on it and a matching purse. This set is a perfect outfit to celebrate Christmas and is perfect for your American Girl or other 18 inch doll.')
(70850, 'Strawberry Shortcake is a classic brand re-imagined for little girls of today. 6" fashion dolls smell sweet, feature hair-play and include their pet. Lemon Meringue comes in a stylish dress and includes her pet, Henna.')
(180267, "Angel d'Amore! World's sweetest space invader brings a frilly stitch-ed heart for her favorite huggable human. Our passionate plush Angel is a perfect gift for Valentine's Day, and matches to a soft-hearted Stitch, sold separately.")
(107403, "Our jumper actually made it! For the first time in her life, she has won a tournament. She's beaming with joy and very proud of her beloved horse. Today, everything really worked out well. All the hard training and the many hours on the obstacle course have paid off. Her name is called and then she gets the cup and the gold medal while the winner's song is playing. Today is a wonderful day.")
(149676, 'When you expand your Lundby Smaland Doll\'s House, you extend your opportunities for play. Accommodate your growing Lundby collection by adding a third story with the Lundby Smaland Extension Floor. The extension floor comes with beautiful wallpapers from Sandberg Wallpaper, the windows can be opened and closed and the lights can be turned on and off. Two spacious rooms arrive empty, just ready for budding interior decorators to add Lundby furnishings, light fixtures and dolls (all sold separately). The open fronted extension provides plenty of room for imaginative, creative play. Crafted with realistic detail for a 1:18 scale, this extension is suitable for dolls around 4" tall. Lundby power source is required for lights to work and is sold separately. Since 1945, Lundby dollhouses have been crafted with the utmost love and care. Grete Thomson first designed these miniatures for her niece and they were so cherished that the soon the Lundby business was created. Known for their realistic detail and contemporary Swedish design, Lundby Smaland accessories will breathe life into any doll house or miniature setting.')
(201133, 'Encourage your childs imagination and creativity with this fun and educational chalkboard art table with stools. Kids will love painting a masterpiece using the attached paper roll or drawing their favorite shapes on the chalkboard table top. PLUS, clean-up is made easy with the attached mesh basket for storing all their creative supplies.')
(55219, "Made by Stamps by Impression in Lewes, de, USA. Each rubber stamp begins as an artists drawing. Much of the text is created with computer graphic software. The artwork is then reproduced on a magnesium plate. From this plate A matrix board mold is created. The stamp gum is vulcanized or cooked in the mold at 325 degrees under enormous pressure to form the rubber stamp Die. The rubber is then affixed to a special cushion then carefully cut out. The cushioned die is then mounted onto a white Maple block which is indexed with a clear vinyl Label. - Stamps by Impression - inch craft made in small batches since 1986 inch Stamps by Impression was born from my father's love for his wife and family. From the first arts and crafts show in Tucson, AZ we grew little by slowly. We spent 5 years is Camdenton, MO where we opened the very successful rubber stamp store on the square in town. Relocating to Lewes, de in Jan 1996 We moved our shop to the old ice plant at the end of new RD. Still growing & always improving")
(113389, 'Your favorite 9" Disney Fairies Fashion Dolls are more dazzling than ever with these beautiful glistening fashions inspired by the new Fairies DVD, The Legend of the NeverBeast, coming soon in 2015. The fairies are dressed in trendy crinkled fashions and come with a bonus accessory your little girl will love. As a token of friendship, each fairy comes with an animal charm belt which doubles as an adorable bracelet for your little girl. The collection includes Tink, Fawn, Rosetta & Perwinkle. This is the perfect gift for your little girl to enjoy alongside the new Tinker Bell & the Legend of the NeverBeast DVD. Ages 4+.')
(9736, 'Heavy Duty Dog Bones for the Savage 21 monster truck! Thicker and tougher than the stock dog bones, these are the perfect upgrade for Savage 21 owners who jump and race their trucks. Two heavy duty chromed dog bones are included in each package. Hobby Products International has grown considerably from its humble beginnings in Costa Mesa, California in 1986 to become one the best internationally known RC companies. By coming up with innovative and creative design solutions HPI has captivated the world with items such as the Savage, and Baja 5B. Offering a full line of vehicles to match anyones particular RC flavor, and backing them with industry leading parts support, HPI will continue to grow into the future.')
(150678, ' Product Description:   The X5C 2015 Version in an exclusive Black color way with carrying case ($35 value) and extra battery ($10 value) is the newest camera quad released by Syma. Equipped with an 2 MP HD camera (that can be attached or detached) the X5C blends style, function, and fun along with the reliability and quality that Syma is acclaimed for. Each quad comes with optional prop guard that is easily removable for an enhanced flight experience or attached for protection. The X5C incorporates a 6-Axis Gyro Stabilization system for flight versatility and flexibility which makes it a perfect indoor/outdoor quad. Designed for simplicity and equipped with powerful features for image capturing and video recording, The X5C is perfect for beginners as an entry way to quads and for experienced pilots to add another quad to their fleet.   Package Includes:   1 x Syma X5C RC Quad Copter with 2 MP HD Camera and SD Card with foam fitting carrying case (original packaging box is taken out, only case included as packaging).   1 x 2.4G Remote Controller (does not include 1.5v AA batteries)   1 x USB charging cable   4 x Propellers   4 x Protection guard   2 x Landing skids   1 x Screwdriver   2 x 3.7V 500mAh LiPO battery   1 x User Manual      Specification:   Range: About 30 Meters   Battery Life: About 7 minutes (stock battery)   Charging Time: : about 60 minutes')
(161468, 'Children reach their hands into the gumball machine at a local store in this puzzle in search for a sweet treat with their dogs in town. It looks very retro as you can see a Coca Cola sign in the background. A Penny a Piece 500 Pc Jigsaw Puzzle by SunsOut - 500 Piece Puzzle - Completed Size: 20x27 - Puzzle Artist: Jim Daly - Eco-Friendly - Soy-Based Inks - Recycled Board - Made in the USA - Interlocking Pieces & Durable Construction')
(43745, "Excessive barking of your pet is a big problem for you and your family? Your dog is always barking at the postman, neighbors and passing cars? Join the growing family pets and professionals in training dogs. New 2018 High Quality No-Bark Collars For Dogs Is The Answer To Your Problem We provide a safe and affordable anti-bark dog collar to bring welcomed peace and quiet to your household.  PROFESSIONALLY ENGINEERED with the support of the leading dog trainers. No Bark Collar automatically corrects causeless bark. Just put the anti bark collar in auto mode and let its smart design do the rest!  GENERIC AND WATERPROOF CONSTRUCTION Our The Best Collar is certified according to IPX6 Waterproof Standard so it can be used in any weather conditions. The strap has a length of 72 inch, it is perfect for small, medium and large dogs  SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Our stop bark training system is completely automatic its controlled by a microprocessor distinguishing your dogs bark from other noises and automatically stops barking in one minute.  100% NO-RISK PURCHASE If you are not 100% thrilled with trainer, it comes long with a 12-months. Nicexx Package Includes: - 1 x No bark receiver - 1 x Adjustable Reflective Nylon Collar - 1 x Test Light - 2 x Long shock electrodes - 2 x Short shock electrodes -1 x Electrode adapter - 1 x User Manual Haunt the hallways of Monster High looking drop dead gore-geous. Your daughter will want to bring her Killer Style. Cosmetic Coffin to all the freaky-fab happenings, this fierce fashionista makeup set will hold everything a ghoul-on-the-go needs. Perfect for pretend play, your little girl will have endless hours of fun applying makeup just like her favorite Monster High character. Set includes 4 lip glosses, 3 cream eye shadows, 2 powder eye shadows, 1 lipstick, 1 lip gloss, 2 nail polishes. The carrying case with handle makes for spooktacular storage when she's done looking freaky fabulous. No Monster High monster could leave home without it (lip gloss, etc.), She'll look absolutely boo-tiful. Appropriate for all girls aged 8 years and up.")
(114523, 'When Barbie doll (sold separately) hits the road in this camper, anything is possible -- because this RV offers more than meets the eye! When road-ready, its a glam vehicle with signature style and two seats upfront (with seatbelts, of course!) -- but lift the handle and it pops up to transform the camper into a three-story play set with all kinds of possibilities for an amazing outdoor camping adventure! Plus, the transformation doesnt stop there with even more play spaces for even more storytelling possibilities. Convert the front cab into a bathroom -- remove the chairs to reveal a toilet underneath and flip the steering wheel to turn it into a sink. Transform the back of the cab by flipping over the spare tire cover to reveal a fire pit and opening the back door to reveal a kitchen complete with fridge, sink, oven and stove that lets kids imaginations really get cooking! The center room has a double bed with hammock hanging above, perfect for a quick nap after a fun camping adventure. Slide the pool out from the bottom of the camper and connect it to the slide that starts on the second floor. Barbie doll can slide down from the second-story living room (featuring a couch, TV and glam chandelier) to make a splash at a fun campsite pool party. On the third floor, set up the dining table and chairs for meals under the stars or a fancy picnic under the sun. Recreate scenes from the movie that the camper appears in, Barbie & Her Sisters in the Great Puppy Adventure, or hop into the drivers seat to tell stories of your own. Included accessories -- a fire pit, roasting sticks with marshmallows, cookware, food and place settings -- add to the camping storytelling fun. With signature touches like a chandelier, pretend TV with remote and space for all four sisters to sleep (including the fun fabric hammock), Barbie can really get glamping. Camper includes transforming features, swimming pool with slide, sofa, bed, blanket, table, two chairs (with removable seat belts), tire cover/fire pit-campfire, roasting sticks with marshmallows, popcorn in bowl, juice bottle, egg carton, milk carton, frying pan, spatula, soap bottle, toothpaste, toothbrush, towel, plates, cups and two bed pillows. Dolls sold separately, subject to availability. Dolls cannot stand alone. Colors and decorations may vary.')
(21129, "The horse has long been a part of the military, whether it be as a mount for dashing cavalry, pulling thunderous chariots or just getting equipment from point A to B. The Second World War was not different, the humble horse (and donkey as well) was still a major form of motive power in many nations armies.\n\nThe two most prominent users of horsepower during World War Two are ironically also seen as two of the technical innovators better known for their tanks and other vehicles; the Soviet Union and Germany. Just about all of the heavy equipment of these to nation's Infantry Divisions were moved by horses.")
(149519, 'XENON Profiteer is a highly thematic, deck-deconstruction, euro game for 24 entrepreneurs. Each player takes control of their own Air Separation Facility and distills Xenon from their Systems to complete lucrative contracts. You will also expand your facility by building upgrades, pipelines, and acquiring new contracts. \n  \n  In a decidedly different take on the classic deckbuilding format, XENON Profiteer not only actively encourages players to remove cards from their decks, it is absolutely essential in order to isolate Xenon. Players strategically remove cards from their hand (and deck) through Distilling in order to isolate the Xenon in their hand. \n  \n  Players also buy powerful upgrade cards for their facility in order to become more efficient, and, depending how much they pay, can either place them directly into their system (deck) or install them directly into their facility to be used every turn for the remainder of the game. \n  \n  After a player has either completed 5 contracts or installed 5 upgrades, the game end is triggered and the player with the most Xenon points is the winner. \n  \n  Do you have the ingenuity, strategy, and tactical fortitude it takes to be recognized by several reputable business publications as the owner of the most influential domestic supplier of Xenon?')
(22254, 'Plush,9",Small, Poseable Manufactured by Purr-Fection. For more than 25 years, Purr-Fection has built their great reputation for their on time delivery and providing superb quality plush toys for an excellent value. All of Purr-Fection\'s products are hand sewn and only the highest quality materials are used during production. All products are manufactured to surpass all US and European safety standards.')
(210259, 'GemFan Propellers have set the gold standard in the small class multirotor community. Known for their durability, great balancing and superb hub centering and expendable price. They come packaged as a set of 4, with 4 CW rotation and 4 CCW rotation.')
(20995, "A pampered pooch never goes out of fashion! Get your pup ready to go by washing off the color change dirt spots in the elegant tub that pumps real water! Paint their nails with polish that you can also wear yourself. Dress em up in adorable outfit coordinates with Yasmin! After all, it's only the best for a Bratz and her pet! A pampered pooch never goes out of fashion! Get your pup ready to go by washing off the color change dirt spots in the elegant tub that pumps real water! Paint their nails with polish that you can also wear yourself or put on your Bratz! Dress em up in adorable outfits that coordinate with their Bratz owners! After all, it's only the best for a Bratz and her pet!")
(707, 'This Item is still in its original box and has never been opened. \n\n*Note: All of Ricky Bear Collectible Toys have been re-shrink wrapped for their protection. Perfect for collectors!')
(127008, "Bundle Features:  The Elf on the Shelf: Boy Scout Elf (Blue Eyed) with Elf book  Puffy North Pole Parka Jacket The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition includes a special scout elf sent from the North Pole to help Santa Claus manage his naughty and nice lists. When a family adopts a scout elf and gives it a name, the scout elf receives its Christmas magic and can fly to the North Pole each night to tell Santa Claus about all of the day's adventures. Each morning, the scout elf returns to its family and perches in a different place to watch the fun. Children love to wake up and race around the house looking for their scout elf each morning. Click below to find a scout elf adoption center near you!")
(129303, "Toys and play are the best to the little ones to learn .Bring a smile to your toddler by giving these wooden puzzle .Its great designs just what you need to inspire your child learning, creativity and fun.   This beautifully illustrated 9 wooden puzzle offers children an enlightening view of a bountiful animal picture. Its easy-clean surface keeps the puzzle looking new.   Children love to look at pictures! Bright, colorful and attractive photographs capture their attention and engage their minds. Images of animals, people, foods, plants and vehicles inspire a childs natural curiosity, driving them to ask questions of their teachers and parents, which create wonderful opportunities for communication and interaction. My baby really loves to ask questions.so these are perfect for her.   Its 6 puzzles in one!! Each Real Life Learning cube puzzle forms 6 different colorful photo images of cute animals.   Every puzzle comes with 6 full-color fun facts pictures that provide a completed puzzle. The 9 wooden cubes in the puzzle are also great for stacking, building and counting! High-quality images are extremely durable.   Package contents: 1 set including 9 pieces wooden zigzag puzzle'Specifications    Product Name:   wooden zigzag puzzle    Material:   wooden    Color:   Colorful bright pictures    Dimension:  1.4*1.4*1.4inch    Weight:  2.3 grams")
(98375, '30 Painted lady Butterfly Caterpillars shipped to your house or school right now. A rewarding classroom exercise, even for teachers with no experience with live critters. Order ANY time of year- a Fun Winter Project! Instructions included how to keep butterflies inside for their life cycle. You get: 30 caterpillars shipped when you order now (shipped as 2 cups of 15), 30 individual cups to transfer them all into so each student gets one, caterpillar food, Mister, butterfly feeder, sugar, eye dropper, easy instructions, coloring page to copy. Guaranteed! We guarantee at least 20 caterpillars to become happy adult butterflies. You can release them outside after observing them if its over 50 degrees. DO NOT ORDER if below 40 degrees or above 85 degrees in your area. Our live arrival guaranty will be void if ordered during these temperatures. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR CHECKING TEMPERATURES IN YOUR AREA to be sure your caterpillars arrive alive. We ship this item via USPS (post office) within 4 business days.')
(55133, 'Made by Stamps by Impression in Lewes, DE, USA. Each rubber stamp begins as an artists drawing. Much of the text is created with computer graphic software. The artwork is then reproduced on a magnesium plate. From this plate a matrix board mold is created. The stamp gum is vulcanized or cooked in the mold at 325 degrees under enormous pressure to form the rubber stamp die. The rubber is then affixed to a special cushion then carefully cut out. The cushioned die is then mounted onto a white maple block which is indexed with a clear vinyl label. - Stamps by Impression - "Craft Made in Small Batches since 1986" Stamps by Impression was born from my father\'s love for his wife and family. From the first arts and crafts show in Tucson, AZ we grew little by slowly. We spent 5 years is Camdenton, MO where we opened the very successful Rubber Stamp Store on the square in town. Relocating to Lewes, DE in Jan 1996 we moved our shop to the old ice plant at the end of New Rd. Still growing & always improving!')
(55221, "Made by Stamps by Impression in Lewes, de, USA. Each rubber stamp begins as an artists drawing. Much of the text is created with computer graphic software. The artwork is then reproduced on a magnesium plate. From this plate A matrix board mold is created. The stamp gum is vulcanized or cooked in the mold at 325 degrees under enormous pressure to form the rubber stamp Die. The rubber is then affixed to a special cushion then carefully cut out. The cushioned die is then mounted onto a white Maple block which is indexed with a clear vinyl Label. - Stamps by Impression - inch craft made in small batches since 1986 inch Stamps by Impression was born from my father's love for his wife and family. From the first arts and crafts show in Tucson, AZ we grew little by slowly. We spent 5 years is Camdenton, MO where we opened the very successful rubber stamp store on the square in town. Relocating to Lewes, de in Jan 1996 We moved our shop to the old ice plant at the end of new RD. Still growing & always improving")
(101140, 'Accessorize her favorite 18-inch doll with this 5-piece hair extensions set. Hair highlights include shimmery pink braided 6-inch highlight extension with rhinestones, purple sparkle highlight with glitter heart clip, braided pink and gold highlights on ponytail holder, metallic pink highlights, and turquoise and pink ponytail holder. Enhance creative play for your special girl as she brings personality to her 18-inch Madame Alexander doll through different styles and accessories. About Madame Alexander Doll Company: Since 1923, we have proudly upheld Madame Alexanders vision to inspire and engage a childs imagination by crafting beautiful dolls to love, play, and grow up with. The Madame Alexander Doll Company encourages girls of all ages and stages to enjoy a lifetime of doll fun, play, gifting, and collecting with quality products that include Madame Alexander Play, Baby, Fashion, and Collection. After all, as Madame Alexander herself said, "Love is in the details."')
(87782, "Attention Ultra Agent Trey Swift! Spyclops has invaded the city in his Spider mech on a mission to steal the chip containing top-secret agent files. Repel blasts from the mech's brick stud shooters with your shield and fire back with your own powerful stud shooter. Meanwhile, watch out for robot spiders trying to snatch the chip for their evil master - you must fend off their attacks to protect classified Ultra Agent data. Then play out other thrilling missions on your tablet using your AppBrick Gadget with 2 AppBricks! Includes 2 minifigures with a weapon and assorted accessories: Spyclops and Ultra Agent Trey Swift.")
(191697, 'Blocos Jr toy blocks are ideal for 3-7year old boys and girls. Enabling them to have fun over extended periods of time while developing and expressing their creativity. They open the door to a truer "building in 3 Dimensions experience" beyond that of the pseudo 3D building experience of the traditional "stacking one on top of another" style blocks. This helps kids expand their building options and add a new element to how they need to plan their next move. It also gives them practice in 3D manipulation of objects to meet their building needs. The instructions are designed to subconsciously aid the learning and comprehension processes. Using age appropriate colorful perspective views that have a delicate balance between showing exactly how the blocks should be joined and leaving just a few items for the child to infer. As the children become familiar with the blocks, we are seeing their creativity open up to create new objects from scratch. With the animal sets we strive to show how the same blocks can be used to express the different characteristics of the various family members. As the kids play with these animals we hope these sets help children develop an appreciation and respect for the real animals. Additionally these blocks can be used to aid teaching of various concepts including basic math, shapes, colors, patterns, and memory development. Please see our website for examples of activities for teachers, parents, and even older siblings to do with the kids. These Blocos Jr sets are ideally sized for birthday gifts, goody bags, stocking and large Piata stuffers. Offering the "lasting fun for boys and girls" aspect and the critical educational aspect that most parents desire in quality toys. Blocos Jr blocks are durable enough to meet the needs of heavy use in schools, thus are a great gift to classrooms from pre-school through 1st grade. There are 2 levels, for 3 year olds we recommend the level I sets (Giraffe and Fish).')
(18462, 'The Estes fully assembled model rocket is based on the long-range ballistic missile used in the National Missile Defense system. Special clear fins allow the rocket to look like a real missile as it blasts off 600 feet into the air! Features: Durable plastic nose cone.  Launchable over and over again on standard Estes engines.  A pre-assembled, 12" plastic parachute for recovery.  Detailed launching instructions.  Unique blister packaging that\'s peggable, as well as able to stand alone due to its clamshell base. Requires: Engines: A8-3, B4-4, B6-4, C6-5 Igniters  Recovery Wadding  Launch System Rule the universe with the Patriach, the king of all rockets. Have you ever been ready to head to the flying field, but no time to build? The Estes Patriarch is the perfect rocket for you. Right out of the box, this chief is ready to provide hours of thrilling, high performance model rocket flying. The Patriarch was designed to look like a long-range ballistic missile used in the National Missile Defense System. When powered with standard Estes engines, it blasts 600\' (183 m) into the sky and returns to earth via its decorated 12" (30 cm) preassembled parachute. With its super cool, clear fins, this rocket looks just like a real missile. The ready to fly Patriarch is a great first rocket because there is no painting or assembly to do. Add this impressive, interceptor missile to your defense arsenal and be ready for some exciting ground to air action. The Patriarch launches on standard Estes engines. Repack the parachute, add a new engine, igniter and recovery wadding and youre ready to blast off again. Estes launch supplies, 4 AA alkaline batteries and engines required  sold separately. Recommended for ages 10 and up with adult supervision for those under 12.')
(153879, 'Hasegawa has become a leader in scale plastic kits by producing highly detailed models that impress the most demanding hobbyists. Because of the accuracy found in such areas as cockpits, interiors, engines, weapon bays and aircraft wheel bays, many Hasegawa models are built by professionals for museum displays. Ultimately, Hasegawa understands that the reward in model building goes beyond successful assembly. For the enthusiast, each model represents an opportunity to explore history, learn more about the subject and create a scale miniature to enjoy for a lifetime.')
(150590, "Do you want a unique, personalized pillow case? Here you can find it! These are cute and would be great for kids to clip to a backpack and use at nap time, in the car,or at home anytime.Very Cute Meow 3D Effect Big Samoyed Shape.Cleaning: hand wash or machine wash.They are very cute, lovely and smart, they will do some incredible things.It could be nap pillow, travel pillow, waist pillow and it could decorate your sofaroom and also can be used in the car!Made from plush fabrics,soft and warm in winter. These 3D dog pillows are cool and special gift.It's a perfect gift for children, friends and animal lovers.It is also a high-quality gift for someone who has everything.")
(135952, '100% New And Good Quality  Color;Gray&White  Material: Plush &100% PP cotton  Size: approximately 17.7"Long(45cm)  Above 3 years old children\'s toys  Perfect gift for your kids.  Such lovely puppy. Don\'t hesitate to bring it home.    note     EUB,USPS with tracking No., 8-15 Business days for delivery if the price more than $6.99 .    3 months guarantee resend or refund if the item has any problem.     pls kindly add the item in wish list if you like, we will irregular promotions.')
(19149, 'High Quality Coated Polyurethane Foam Ball within a Ball for children ages 3 and up.')
(186770, 'This durable lantern is perfect for indoor and outdoor play. Turn the knob and listen to wildlife sounds and light up the room or tent. Handy carrying handle means the perfect toy for kids on the go. Great for all ages and arrives in a color box. Great for gift giving. Batteries included.')
(157708, 'Description   This item is a children painting smock, which is made of waterproof cloth. It has four pockets for holding the water pens, paints, snacks and paper towels and other items. Great for kids who love paint and draw and can protect them from staining clothes.    Features   - Main color: Blue.  - Material: Waterproof cloth.  - Size (L*W):Approx. 19*18.7 inch / 48.5*47.5 cm.  - Apron has four pockets, kids can hold the water pens, paints, snacks and paper towels and other items.  - Great for kids who love paint and draw and can protect them from staining clothes.  - Recommended Ages: 3-12 years.  - Note: Apron only, paints brushes are not included.    Package Including   1 * Children Kids Waterproof Art Craft Apron Smock for DIY Painting Drawing (Blue)')
(105734, 'UFREE-HORSE (Action Pony) is a ride on horse toy can walk without power. You probably loved to or wished you could ride horses and ponies when you were a kid. It\'s just something most kids love to do. Anyone can ride UFREE-HORSE, even you are not kid anymore. UFREE-HORSE has very similar appearance with the real horse. It uses high quality plush material and leather to make the appearance, covering the sturdy steel frame and complicated drive system. It is the syntheses of stuffed/plush toy, rocking horse toy and moving ride-on toy. The biggest characteristic is that it does not need any battery or petrol power to make it run. The action pony will run when rider\'s body bounce up and down pressing the saddle continually, just like the action of riding real horse. The horse could not only run in straight line, but also swerve even in the narrow room.UFREE-HORSE can be put in various places as your house, garden, squares, parks, footpath and amusement ground and any flat ground. UFREE-HORSE also can act as the amusement park ride equipment. Riders can play horse racing game together. Furthermore, it is good fitness equipment for the muscles of waist, abdomen and legs. UFREE-HORSE is a good toy for both children and adults. It has different dimension and two-position stirrup to meet different peoples\' need from 3 years to adults. It will bring you the feeling of riding real horse. Kids will be very excited to leave their rocking hobby horse and jump on this walkable "real horse". UFREE-HORSE will bring the children an unforgettable childhood, and it will bring a happy life to each family. It will be the best gift for Christmas. As the exclusive manufacturer, UFREE welcome the ride on toy dealers and distributors to deal wholesale business. UFREE-HORSE approved CE (EN71 standard), and USA toy safety standard ASTM F963, tested by SGS, the world\'s leading testing and certification company.')
(203341, " Description: Gorgeous pearlescent linen material This bunting is so pretty and would be perfect for baby shower, birthday party and other special occasions. Color: As picture show Material: linen String length: Approx. 2 m / 78.74 inch Size (L X H): Approx. 13 x 15 cm / 5.1 x 5.9 inch Package Includes: 6 x bunting 1 x String Note: Since the size above is measured by hand, the size of the actual item you received could be slightly different from the size above. Meanwhile, please be reminded that due to lighting effects, monitor's brightness / contrast settings etc. there could be some slight differences in the color tone of the pictures and the actual item.")
(205704, 'MIRROR BASKETBALL toy set consists of mirror shaped basketball net pool with 3 balls for added washing amusement. Babies attempt to throw balls over the net cheered on by the parents swelling their eagerness for this sporty playtime bath fun. Babies muscle-eye coordination, cause-effect connection and muscle power improves providing essentials for sturdier well-rounded individuals. Bouncing happy colors of this special bath time basketball toy set keeps babies overjoyed during their bath fun playtime. Bath toys can primarily boost your childs spatial awareness, fine motor skills, cognitive reasoning and hand-eye coordination, very much necessary in initial years of growth. The bath game with its slightly tricky water squirting exercise will make your child giggly and super thrilled, bringing a positive result in behavior. Bright, rich and vibrancy of color is an aimed strategy to affect the growing minds and entice the kid with various toy-parts of different designs, therefore engrossing children instantaneously in a game that is productive in all aspects. The toy is set to provide a joyful playtime to the parents and kids alike, allocating a special time to spend as a family, productively. Perfect for babies always looking for distractions  have fun with the smiling multicolored elements! Watch your little one giggle playing with this an ideal toy to flourish their imagination in the bath tub! Enjoying brightly colored created designs just looks like real ones. Fill it in with water, let your child splash and squirt and rinse their hair alongside  they wont even notice!')
(143253, 'Mickey Mouse & Friends Sticker Gift Set With Mickey String Bag ~ 180+ Colorful Stickers ~ Mickey , Minnie , Goofy , Donald , Daisy , Pluto; Includes: 4 Sheet Pack of 60+ Stickers ~ 4" x 8.25" PLUS Bitty Bits Pack of 140 Tiny Stickers ~ 3.5" x 4.75", Sheet of Dimensional Glitter Mickey and Stars Stickers ~ 18 Stickers ~ 4" x 8", All in a Colorful Non Woven Mickey String Bag ~ Perfect for Travel ~ 10" x 14"; Perfect for any Mickey Mouse fan!')
(149686, 'SpongeBob Scra-ffiti by ALEX Toys lets artists create beautiful colored designs based on Nickelodeons SpongeBob SquarePants! With the special black paper the Scra-ffiti book is made so that when you draw with the wooden stylus, the top layer of the paper scratches away revealing a rainbow of colors underneath! Use the pattern guide to match different scratching techniques for cool effects. The book contains 19 pages of animals and gender neutral designs, a sheet of scratchable stickers and a wooden stylus. Recommended for children 5 years of age and older.')
(142062, 'This Luxurious shining Diamond Rhinestone design Crown are suitable for any women on your wedding, dinner party or Prom A wonderful gift for yourself or your female friends The delicate Rhinestone Crown brings you uniqueness')
(166319, 'Basic Fun Classic Atari Games Space Invaders and Centipede Electronic Carabiners Gift Set Bundle - 2 Pack, is amazing for any classic games fan! Space Invaders - Beware of the invasion with the Space Invaders electronic carabiner! Use the laser cannon by moving it horizontally across the bottom of the screen, while firing at the descending aliens to earn points. The more aliens defeated the faster they attack. You must defeat the aliens through all 10 levels to stop the invasion before the aliens destroy your cannon and take control. Good luck and good shooting! Centipede - Destroy the centipede before it gets you. Perfect for party favors, travel, gifts, holiday, stocking stuffers, Easter baskets and so much more. For Ages 7 and up - Each Game Requires 2 AAA Batteries, Not Included.')
(158988, "Young toddlers can ride, walk and play with the Scoot Around Animals - Rhino! In addition to riding, this fun 3-in-1 activity foot-to-floor ride-on delivers fun ring stacking play, features a handle for kids to engage in walker mode, and offers plenty of storage space under the seat and the Rhino's mouth. Product Features:  Durable 3 in 1 foot-to-floor ride-on for kids  Sit & ride, stand and walk, or play with ring stacking activity  Easy kid-powered riding toy for toddlers  Perfect handle to help push and walk  Orange Rhino that kids will love  Three colorful rings for stacking activity  Extra storage space under seat and animal's mouth  Ages: 1-3 years By Little Tikes")
(200984, 'Feature: Hugine RC Amphibious Car is Made of High quality ABS Plastics Material, it is Harmless and Safe, 2.4G Full-function Radio Control System Control Range up to 200FT and Non-interference Support Multiplayer Playing, Intense Speed, 360 Degree Spinning Action, 4 Wheel Drive Function, High-performance Rubber Grip Tires Can Drive on Land or in Water. Specifications:  Item Type: RC Car  Drive Mode: 4 Wheel Drive   Colour: Red  Material: ABS Plastics   Channels: 4 Channels   Frequency: 2.4GHz  Charger: USB Charger  Remote Control Range: Up to 98 FT(30m)  Playing Time: About 15-20 Minutes  Charging Time: Approx 60 Minutes  Function: Forward, Backward,Turn Left,Turn Right, Drive On Land & In Water  Suitable Age: 3+   Suitable Situation: Indoor Or Outdoor  Aircraft Battery: 6V 700mAh Ni-cd (Included)  Controller Battery: 2*AA Battery (Not Included)  Cycle Size: 8.7*8.3*4.3 in  Cycle Weight: 1.4 lb(0.62Kg)  Package Size:12.2 * 10.6 * 7.7 In  Package Weight: 3.6 LB(1.6KG) Package List: 1* RC Car 1* Controller(Not Include Battery) 1* 6V 700Mah Ni-Cd Rechargeable Battery 1* USB Cable Caution: Choking Hazard: Small Parts-Not For Children Under 3 Years. Before use it, please Charge the Battery Full or use New Batter Custom Service:  We always Stand by and Help Customer Fixing the Problem of the Product, Feel Free to Contact with Us by Email Directly and We can Help Fix the Problem. All Emails Will Be Reply in 24 Hours.')
(29406, "Your little one can feel like a real mommy as she plays with her Bouncin' Babbles doll! This little girl loves to bounce, and when your daughter holds her hands, the doll will bounce up and down just like an excited little girl! It's going to be.a bouncy, gabby good time with the Bouncin' Babbles doll! Baby Alive and all related characters are trademarks of Hasbro. Enjoy all of the fun, silly moments of growing up with Baby Alive dolls. Your little girl will delight in caring for her doll as though it were a real baby. She can experience the joy and excitement of nurturing her sweet doll and feeling like a real mommy. Depending on which doll she has, your little girl may be able to change her doll's diaper, feed her a bottle, make her feel better when she's sick and more. Imagine the hours of fun she'll have giving her sweet doll lots of love and care just like a real mommy. Baby Alive and all related products are trademarks of Hasbro.")
(191032, ' The Elf Star take apart vehicle is a great development toy for children who love to assemble and build!  With this set, children can build their own vehicle, take it apart and rebuild again. Two plus models can be built from the set. Encourage your children to find more possible ways to build. The fun is endless! Features: • Non-toxic eco-friendly rubber fiber material, safe to the children • Large brightly colored pieces, easy for small hands to maneuver • Precision craft, no sharp edges • Fifty (50) pieces including necessary tools Benefits: • Improve hand-eye coordination • Encourage spatial thinking  • Develop patience and attention • Create quality parenting time Recommended Age:  5 and Up Your complete satisfaction is guaranteed.  Contact us if you have any issues or complaints. And we will do our best to resolve them, or we will fully refund your purchase. ORDER NOW!  Let the fun begin!')
(93517, 'There are 4 different mini cylinder in this set. This is very suitable for home teaching of preschool kids. Size: 15.2cm (L) x 4cm (H) x 3.5cm (W) Warning:Not suitable for children under 3 years old')
(43892, "Join two playful friends in the bath for floating fun! baby can bat at the hippo and lion on either end to see them flip and hear them rattle. Features floating lion and hippo ? there's a friend on either end bat and grasp to see them flip and hear them rattle weighted to float and flip sized just right for baby water/bath play helps strengthen baby's tactile sense fine motor sized just right for baby to grasp and bat; weighted just right to float and flip! curiosity and discovery a new friend with every flip makes bath time more fun for baby! two colourful characters surprise baby at every flip! sensory bright colours and rattle sounds help stimulate baby's senses of sight and sound. Water/Bath play helps stimulate baby's tactile sense, too! suitable for ages 9 months +. Your baby will be delighted with the fun floating action of the Float Around Bath Friends. Introducing two playful signature style characters (a hippo and lion), each with vibrant colors and molded detail for baby to explore and are perfect friends for fun in the tub. Baby can bat at the characters to make them flip and reward baby with rattle sounds.")
(125016, 'Feature  1.6 in 1 Special effects  2.Lighted car  3.Double-sided car  4. 5 Wheels strong driving  5.Environmentally friendly materials    Specification  Brand:MKB  Color:green  Rotate: 360 degree  Speed:10km/h  Material:ABS plastic   Item size:38.5*14.8*8.5cm  Item weight:1.04kgs  Charging time:2 hours  Playing time:15 minutes  Batteries for Car: 1 x 4.8v (Rechargeable)  Batteries for Remote: 2 x 1.5AA (Included)    Product concluded  1*5 Wheels stunt car  1*Remote control  1*4.8V Rechargeable battery  2*1.5V Controller AA battery  1*Screwdriver  1*USB charging line    Warning  Not suitable for children under 36 months.  Small parts which can be swallowed.   Do not crinkle the antenna,if this remote control car breaks,the sharp part may cause damage.  When the wheels are motion,avoid the contact with hair,clothing and other daily use items,avoid getting hurt and not put your hands into them.  Do not make any short circuit ,do not mutilate the battery or throw it into fire.  To prevent malfunction of the electrical circuit,you should not platy in ponds or on the sand.  The RC stunt vehicle has a complicated electronic circuit and large number of components,please do not break or convert them.  Stop using the car if it comes in contact with water.   Attention   Keep this information for future reference battery operated.  Color and contents may vary .  Sometimes you could be interfered by other radio frequency and control can be out of service,in this case,please change the location.')
(137538, "These are the earrings you're looking for. The Star Wars Stormtrooper Stud Earrings are the perfect earrings for any Star Wars fan! The Star Wars Stormtrooper Stud Earrings feature a Stormtrooper helmet from Star Wars. These amazing earrings will look great with any ensemble, and will make you the envy among your fellow Star Wars fans. Start your own galactic adventure today! For ages 13 years of age and older.")
(165670, "How does this baby stack up to the original 1963 Rock-a-Stack toy? Well, for starters, it's designed for babies with tactile elements on each ring that little ones will love getting their hands (and mouths) on. There's a soft fabric ring, a smooth plastic ring, a ring with bumpy textures and another with lots of textured ribs. A sweet puppy, with soft fleece ears and bumpy spinning collar, tops it all off. And the bottom is a roly-poly base that jingles as baby bats it back and forth. This iconic toy now rocks on for wee ones - and offers fun stacking play as baby grows.")
(198861, "Develops children's motor skills, imagination, creativity and hand to eye coordination. Great for indoor and outdoor play, ideal for child's gift")
(152824, 'Great party favor or decoration for your holiday themed party. Set of 12 duckies includes 3 each of 4 designs as pictured. Duckies are 2 inches tall and do not float upright. Recommended for children over the age of 3 years.')
(57298, 'ALEX Toys Rub a Dub Bubbalooka is a bubble blower that lets little ones blow super long bubble snakes! Suction cups hold the tray and bubble solution on the wall, so you dont spill any into the bath. This bubble blower can be used in the tub or out! Includes a bubble horn, bubble solution and a suction cup dipping tray. Recommended for children 2 years of age and older.')
(82473, " Pink Baby Bitemare Pink Baby Bitemares protect against bad dreams in children of all ages. They also are the best companions for your Vamplet Babies. These super soft plush dolls are perfect for snuggling. This fashion forward Bitemare is adorned with three satin ribbon hair bows that are black with white polka dots. Elastic band lets you hang your Bitemare anywhere--cribs, bed posts, back packs, car mirrors. All Bitemares possess their own special dream powers.  MORE ABOUT VAMPLETS: Vamplets are cute, cuddly and rotten to the core baby monsters living in the world of Gloomvania. These Vamplets are cared for in the Nightmare Nursery by Destiny Harper, a hopelessly human teenager who's been tricked into becoming their nanny. There are 24 different Vamplets. Each one has a distinct personality and story. You can read their story in your school's Scholastic Book Fair. Or you can order the books online here at Amazon.")
(211729, 'Who can resist the sheepish face of Gaston the Sheep? Children fall in love with Gaston the Sheep not because hes a cuddly, luxuriously soft stuffed animal, but because hes best friends with everyone. It wont take long for Gaston the Sheep to find a place in your childs heart and become besties in no time. In fact, Gaston the Sheep will be the best playmate your child ever has. Gastons story is: I am the friendliest sheep you will meet. I like to sing and dance, and I never miss a beat.')
(76693, "Made from durable co-molded rubber, it's the Team Fortress 2 Balloonicorn Keycap Key Cover! Featuring the unicorn that floats behind players in the video game Team Fortress 2 to give them Pyrovision, the key cover will fit your standard key blank securely. Perfect for any fan of the Team Fortress video game series! Measures about 2-inches long.")
(102370, 'It comes with a toddler doll of Elsa, and a toddler dress (fits size 3-4T) for your little one to wear and look like Elsa. These are hard to find and are sold out everywhere in stores. It is a perfect for your little Frozen fan.')
(41883, 'Tamatama League is a honest and responsible team who love Japanese anime the same as you. We will make the origin of each product very clear beforehand, i.e.; Was the product from a Chinese factory, handmade by fans, or the original Japanese product? \n \nWe pride ourselves in the integrity of our company and do not wish to deceive our customers. Therefore, as the customer, please read our product descriptions and look at our photos carefully before you make your purchase. We sincerely hope each customer receives their product in satisfactory condition.\n \nHakurei Reimu Plush Doll is a nice gift for your friends or kids. It is very soft and cute. Every touhou fans will take the chance to take this toy.  Keep up and get one!')
(1677, 'TGR101 Features: -Puzzle game.-Hours of mind-challenging play for one or more people.-Ages 5 to adult. Includes: -Includes two sets of seven playing pieces in green and black. Specifications: -Card set one - 27 cards with 54 puzzles and solutions. Based on the ancient Chinese Tangram puzzle, Tangoes products are a learning tool that combines artistic and mathematical elements to enhance visual perception ability, develop problem solving skills, creative thinking capacity and teamwork. The classic tangram forms a square. These 7 pieces can also form an infinite number of abstract designs, human figures, animals and everyday objects. The object of Tangoes products is to form the image on the card using all seven puzzle pieces. From ages 5 to 105, all ages are delighted by the challenge of forming the puzzle presented with seven dynamic pieces. Ultra Tangoes Green - A contemporary version of Classic Tangoes in lime green and black. Ultra Tangoes include 2 sets of tangram puzzle pieces - 7 pieces per set - and 27 cards with 54 puzzles and solutions. All store in a slim plastic case. Perfect for travel or a quick game on the go. Hours of mind-bending play for one or two people. Each person can play independently or challenge each other to a race to solve the puzzle.')
(119149, 'Turn your texts into a fashion statement you can wear on your wrists with Text Cool Bracelet Bundle! Text Cool Bracelets are the coolest way to make text message bracelets to wear and share with your friends. The Text Cool Bracelet Bundle includes all the bracelet styles available, including: Hip & Happy, Fierce & Fab and Lovely & Lacey! Its a 3-in-1 Bundle Pack for total customization! Create and stamp your own messages, hash tags or coded texts just for youre and your friends. Choose from 45 colorful, patterned bracelets and use the Text Cool Studio (sold separately) to create your personalized fashion accessory. Accent your bracelet with custom messages and over 30 emoticons! #OMG its #Awesome! Stack them and wrap them, theres so many ways to wear. Express yourself with the Text Cool Bracelet Bundle!')
(193956, 'Get ready for your own little house the prairie with this adorable costume bonnet and apron set. Fitted with an inner elastic band on the back of the bonnet, makes this hat a great fit for most girls to small adult women. Trek aprons were often used by colonial and pioneer women to save their clothing from the kitchen accidents and the hardships on the trail. This apron is ideal when paired with a Making Believe brand pioneer dress and bonnet, sold separately. Can also be used as a Mrs. Santa Claus apron for Christmas and holiday use. Other costume ideas include renaissance, medieval, peasant, pilgrim, colonial, Christmas and pioneer. Poly/cotton blend fabric. Machine washable. Imported.')
(32773, "Let your little ninjas join in on the action with our Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Masks! These Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Party Masks are ideal TMNT party favors for your child's birthday party, perfect for adding Turtle Power to any Ninja Turtles favor bag or using in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles party games! This package of 8 Ninja Turtles Paper Masks contains two each of designs featuring Leo, Raph, Donnie and Mikey. Coordinate with other Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles party favors and Ninja Turtles party supplies for a Turtle-riffic birthday celebration! Let your little ninjas join in on the action with our Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Masks! These Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Party Masks are ideal TMNT party favors for your child's birthday party, perfect for adding Turtle Power to any Ninja Turtles favor bag or using in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles party games! This package of 8 Ninja Turtles Paper Masks contains two each of designs featuring Leo, Raph, Donnie and Mikey. Coordinate with other Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles party favors and Ninja Turtles party supplies for a Turtle-riffic birthday celebration!")
(203343, 'In stories and legends, a dragon is an animal like a big lizard. It has wings and claws, and breathes out fire.  Now lets join us to explore the world of dragonr about them.  material :TPR(medical-grade rubber), which has good flexibility, abrasion-resistance, and can contact directly with human skin, has been used widely in medical, toy,baby products.  Internal filler : EPS(Expanded Polystyrene),food-grade foam,has good stable performance and has been used widely in food product and cushion.  This high-quality material is nontoxic and pollution-free, meeting the requirements of environmental protection and resource recovery.   Key Features:  •Suitable as gift-award and teaching resource  •Lifelike-provides a more intense sense of dinosaur skin to the customer  •The latest medical material (TPR)-it is safer than any other similar product sold on Amazon  •Wrapped by PVC transparent bag-highly recommended for children above three years old.  •Better ductility that can be scratched till ten times over its original shape. This feature can protect children from getting hurt while whamming heavily. ')
(180653, 'Wooden Fruits and Vegetables Lacing & Stringing Beads Toys with Hedgehog Board for Toddlers. Comes around 80 cascading fruit beads which was made of high quality wooden. You decide how to string this beads,and decorate the hedgehog in your way. Very helpful for 3 Years Old + children to develop hand-eye coordination.')
(26769, "A set of Sweety twins is a dream gift for every boy and girl. This set is made of top quality and will be enjoyed for many years my little Mommy's & Daddy's. Absolutely an adorable set and makes an amazing gift.")
(77028, 'American Muscle 1965 Ford Mustang convertible (Golden 50th Anniversary of Mustang) 1:18 Scale in Prairie Bronze, made by Autoworld. Since it was introduced five months before the normal start of the 1965 production year, the earliest Mustangs are widely referred to as the 19641/2 model. The Mustangs styling, with its long hood and short deck, proved wildly popular and inspired a host of imitators. Features:  Opening doors, hood and trunk  Detailed engine  Steerable front wheels  Accurate interior and chassis  Heavyweight die-cast metal  Authentic detailed replicas  Official licensed product  Not suitable for children under 8 years old')
(164652, 'PERFECT FOR INSPIRING MILITARY HEROES! !   Our novelty toy tank makes an awesomely special gift for military combat figurine lovers, or for kids who enjoy   loud exciting war toys. Features loads of fun and cool effects; light, SFX and moving parts which keep your children?s   mind captivated with fun. A great party favor or it can be used as a party theme. In early childhood development   assimilating new information, role playing, using small muscle groups and using senses (sight and touch) are all   imperative elements in your child?s growth. The toy offers an exciting way to develop all of these vital life skills in  a fun learning environment.    FEATURES:   EDUCATIONAL : The fun and exciting novelty toy stimulates you kid?s vivid imaginations and it is a great  way for them to learn to assimilate new information. The fun toy also promotes essential motor and sensory motor  developmental skills; using their sight, hearing and small muscle groups. All essential for healthy growth!      EXCITING | FUN :  Kids can have enjoyable hours of fun role playing (pretend play) as a soldier, by themselves or with a friend.   Your little one?s can enjoy loads of interactive playtime with the cool novelty war tank virtually anywhere.    PARTY FAVORITE :  Makes an awesome party favor or the toy can be used to set up an exciting military party theme. A great gesture  to little boys who are quite the military enthusiasts, or a combat extraordinaire who would can add it to an existing  collection of models.    FEATURES: :  - Rotating turret  - SFX | Sound Effects  - Flashing Lights  - 3 AA batteries (Not included)  - Measures|6? x 4? x 4?   INCLUDES :  - 1 Battery Operated Military Toy Tank Figure')
(168294, "Imagine reading your favorite Moomin adventure that ends on a cliff-hanger, or wanting to add your own twist to an animated episode you have just watched. Rory's Story Cubes: Moomin now gives you the power to create and extend your own Moomin stories. Roll the nine Story Cubes, look at the images and delve deeper into the Moomin Valley, crafting your own adventures. This is for the ultimate Moomin fan show off your knowledge by creating storylines filled with excitement, friends and - of course - Moomin! Features: Pocket sized creative story generator that encourages imagination and creativity. Roll the nine Story Cubes, look at the images and create fun, limitless Moomin stories with millions of combinations. Pocket sized and ergonomic plastic case to keep your Story Cubes safe while on the go. The perfect gift for the Moomin fan who wants to extend their collection. For Ages 10+ Uses: Fun storytelling for Moomin fans - create your own Moomin storylines where you create the excitement and adventures. Creative Writing aid  used for improving creative writing skills and as a tool when hitting the dreaded writer's block, great for fan-fiction writers. The perfect tool for comic book illustrators looking to hone their craft. Illustrate dazzling, randomly generated scenes prompted by the beautifully tactile dice. Into crossovers? Mix Moomin with our other sets to create ultimate story mashups with Doctor Who, Adventure Time, Looney Tunes and Batman. Extend your Moomin stories with Rory's Story Cubes: Mix! Our three cube, themed extension packs add new levels to your storytelling. Box Contains: 9 x 19 mm Story Cubes (each with 6 unique embossed images) How to play guidelines (Remember there are no rules) Pocket sized and ergonomic plastic case, ideal for carrying on the go. Illustrated icon guide for all 54 icons.")
(195266, 'T.S. Shure - Farm Friends Lacing Cards Activity Tin - Help your little one to develop and improve hand-eye coordination with the T.S. Shure Farm Friends Lacing Cards Activity Tin! Discover each of the 5 farm animal friends while you weave the laces through the holes. Set includes 5 illustrated lacing cards and 5 colorful laces. Perfect for ages 3 years old and up. WARNING - Choking Hazard. Small Parts. Not for children under 3 years.')
(64247, 'Baby\'s First Newborn Little Layla 11" baby doll has a soft pleasing rattle sound! Benefits for your baby include: Learns cause and effect when she moves Little Layla and hears soft rattle. Created with a unique face and bright eyes - to get your baby\'s attention. Nurtures the bond between you and your baby.')
(66936, 'This is the ultimate gift set for any NYC transportation enthusiast or child!  It comes with the world famous NYC Taxi, MTA Subway Car and MTA Bus.  This set features authentic detail and gives children a tremendous amount of play value!  It is also a great gift for the adult collector.\n\nThe set includes:\nDaron New York City Taxi Set\nFeatures die cast metal and authentic details \nMeasures: 5.5 x 1.8 x 3 inches\n\nDaron MTA Diecast Subway Car\nFeatures authentic detail in die cast metal\nMeasures: 7.2 x 2.4 x 3.5 inches\n\nDaron MTA Articulated Bus\nFeatures authentic detail in die cast metal with free wheeling\nMeasures: 6 x 1 x 1 inches\n\n*All three items ship together in a brown box assembled by the manufacturer.')
(39846, 'Nothing is slowing down Rosie. Shes all set for a road trip in her little red car with her little pink dress, and the biggest smile youve ever seen on a bunny. Take her cruising, rolling, and riding wherever your adventure leads. For children 12 months and older, this adorable doll is ideal for youngsters with innovative and visionary minds. The dolls limitless possibilities engage young childrens creativity through role play, while the moving pieces involve infants with audio and tactile responses. Dolls and figurines are the ideal items for inspiring pretend play and creative growth in children. They can invent names, personalities, and events for their dolls. Their imagination is their only limit, and the more they play the bigger it gets. At Early Learning Centre, we do all we can to help mums help children grow into happy, self-confident people. We create fantastic toys  toys that help develop vital skills, toys that help children get off to the best possible start, and toys that are tremendous fun. Package contains (1) Early Learning Centre Toybox Rosie Rabbit and Motor Car Baby Toy. Auditory and Tactile Interaction for Children. Engages and Employs Creativity. For On-The-Go or At-Home Play. Ages 12 Months and Up.')
(16580, "Ideal Crazy 8's Card Game is the timeless game that requires you to get rid of all your cards to win. These king sized cards are perfect for small hands to hold with colorful numbers and illustrations to make playing easier for younger children. Ideal's Crazy 8's Card Game is designed for 2-4-players and includes (40) playing cards with instructions. Ideal Crazy 8's Card Game is recommended for children 4-years of age and older. The POOF-Slinky 0X8-3203 Ideal Crazy 8's Card Game is the timeless game that requires you to get rid of all your cards to win. These king sized cards are perfect for small hands to hold with colorful numbers and illustrations to make playing easier for younger children. Ideal's Crazy 8's Card Game is designed for 2-4-players and includes (40) playing cards with instructions. Loved by children and trusted by parents for over 100-years, the Ideal brand provides a wide variety of games, activity kits, magic sets and classic toys that parents and grandparents remember from their own childhood years. The POOF-Slinky 0X8-3203 Ideal Crazy 8's Card Game is recommended for children 4-years of age and older. POOF-Slinky is the manufacturer of the world famous Slinky and the top selling POOF foam sport balls in North America, both manufactured in Plymouth, MI and Hollidaysburg, PA. Ideal and Scientific Explorer are other well-known brands, rounding out the POOF-Slinky family. With roots in the toy industry for over 100-years, POOF-Slinky brands continue to grow and broaden. New generations of kids, their parents and grandparents have proven that classic toys never go out of style.")
(106186, " Features: White vase filled with beautiful purple flores convallariae Dimension (H x W): Approx.5 x 2 cm / 1.97 x 0.79 inch Color: Purple flowers, green leaves and white vase Warning: Choking Hazard - Small Parts, Not for children under 3 years. Package Includes: 1 x Dollhouse Flores Convallariae In Vase Note: Please be reminded that due to lighting effects and monitor's brightness/contrast settings etc, the color tone of the website's photo and the actual item could be slightly different.")
(124963, " Let little builders create their own wooden community with the Lincoln Logs Collector's Edition Village. Invented by John Lloyd Wright in 1916, Lincoln Logs holds the prestigious status of America's National Toy™. With this modern edition, young boys and girls will enjoy playing with the wood toy classic. Parents and grandparents can also aid little ones in building while reliving nostalgic childhood memories. Four generations of young builders have grown up playing with this iconic toy, which not only lets children play but also promotes their learning of STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts, and math) subjects. Lincoln Logs offer hours of fun for children. This building set provides assorted models to build using visually beautiful components, thanks to its carefully crafted and stained log pieces. This educational toy allows for the creation of three model structures that can be built one at a time. Kids can assemble their own constructions with or without parental supervision, as each set comes with a step-by-step instruction sheet to guide them. This classic building toy includes  327 pieces  made of real, maple wood. Parts are included for creating roofs, roof facades, logs, and chimneys. These log pieces have indentations for connecting them together and are easy to hold and stack - perfect for youngsters' small hands. The Lincoln Logs Collector's Edition Village comes packaged in a collectible tin that allows for quick clean-up and easy storage. The tin is inspired by the classic container of the children's wooden toy. When children are done playing, parents can store all the pieces inside the tin to keep their homes tidy. Exclusively made in America, these wooden pieces are tested to meet the strictest quality and safety standards for a hassle-free playtime experience.")
(126010, 'ROCKET BALLON PARTY KIT  !  The party doesnt stop with these fun filled rocket balloons by Dazzling Toys. The set comes equipped with  a two way pump for easy inflation, and the toys will sure to be a hit at your kids next birthday party or event.   Easy to use, simply attach the balloons tip to the pumps nozzle and inflate until full. Remove the inflated  balloon from the pumps head, aim it away from you in any direction, and watch it rip and zoom away.   ABOUT THE TOY :   AERIAL TRICKS : Balloons zip, bob and weave across the sky when they are released, colossal fun for everyone.   HOLIDAY FUN : Perfect for the season and adds a festive vibe to all those special family events and gatherings.   FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY : Variety pack includes 60 balloons so everyone can get in on the aerial action.    IMMAGINATIVE : Evokes your kids forever busy imagination giving them a creative way to express themselves.   ASSORTED COLORS : Includes a variety of brightly assorted rainbow colored balloons for all kids festivities.   OUTDOOR FRIENDLY : Perfect for gameplay entertainment in the backyard, beach, camping, park and playground.   ERGONOMIC : With your convenience in mind, the set includes a 2 way pump for quick and easy inflation.   REUSABLE : The re-inflatable balloons are made with durable latex, perfect for those busy little bodies.   SPECIFICATIONS : Recommended for kids 6 and Up!   INCLUDES : 60 Assorted Rocket Balloons with 2 Way Pump')
(60752, 'A fun and functional accessory for any fan of the animated series Bravest Warrior! This officially licensed key cover cap features durable rubber construction and includes a convenient ball and chain clasp!')
(195537, ' Please Notice :when you place this order, please email us your gender and your measurements : height,weight,chest,hip,waist,arm length,shoulder width,arm circumference,Inseam. Suitable for anime fans collection. How to Washing 1.Warm water, hand wash 2.Recommended when washing clothes for the first time, add some salt in the water to reduce the rate of fading.')
(114376, 'Our car models are in scale and true to the original models for adult collectors, not toys for children!')
(206313, "Made of high quality waterproof cloth, Great for kids who love paint and draw and can protect them from staining clothes. Easy clean. Do not need to worry about dirty the kid's clothes.      * Size(L*W): 19*18.7 inch.   * Color: Blue.   * Material: Waterproof cloth.   * Recommended ages: 3-12 years.    NOTE:  Apron only, paints brushes are not included.      PACKAGE CONTENTS:  1 * Kids Waterproof Apron    Warranty from ANLENG:  - 30-Day Money Back Guarantee - 24-hour friendly email customer support - 6-month warranty.    Please contact anleng customer service immediately by e-mail if you have any suggestion or issue, we will do our best to provide you 5 stars service.")
(208229, 'Pink patches bear is a loveable and soft bear ready for lots of hugs and adventures with you! Your new recordable 16? pink patches bear will be the envy of your friends! Enjoy unparalleled softness and hugability with brown button eyes, pink fabric nose and embroidered mouth, pink gingham stitched hearts on head, chest, and right foot. Our animals come with a reseal-able pouch on their back, allowing for access to the stuffing and sound module so you can adjust the firmness level of your furry friend. Record your message on a sound module up to 20 seconds. Batteries are replaceable without losing your message. This pouch is also a great place for special treasures and is commonly used for: recordable and other sound modules, wishes, goals, family heirlooms, photos, ashes of a loved one or loved pet, money, essential oils, ultra sound recordings, heartbeat vibration modules, recorded greetings, and anything else your imagination can allow. Lovingly stuffed by caring hands in the United States. Made with high quality, durable, super soft fabrics, to ensure your stuffed animal will be huggable for years to come. Makes a great gift for Christmas, birthdays, graduation, anniversaries, life events, fundraiser, hobby, students, Valentine?s Day, Mother?s Day, gift for him, gift for her, fianc?, baby shower, weddings, dating gift, daycare provider, service men & women, and children?s activities. Customize your stuffed animal with clothing and accessories. Your new furry friend is compatible with 14?-18? Build-a-Bear, Stuffems Toy Shop, Avon, Bearfoots, Bearington, Boyds, Brass Button, Care Bears, Chantilly Lane, Cherished Teddies, CloudPets, Dayton Hudson, Deans, Ganz, Hallmark, Harrods, Merrythought, NABCO, Paddington, Raikes, Russ, Vermont Teddy Bears, and more!')
(144022, ' An amazing Playmat with a myriad of options! Hours of Recreation for the Whole Family  Buy it for your young child and you and your older children will want to use it too because of how fun and versatile it is! With the wide range of instruments, prerecorded music and other great tools, the skys the limit and you are guaranteed hours of musical fun! Make it the focal point of the bedroom or classroom and let it be a fun space for imagination, musical ability and creative play to flourish! It will be a while before you or your child get bored of this toy! Musical Education Let your child express him or herself with original music or dance and sing along with the pre recorded songs! Music helps in a myriad of ways throughout life. From an early age music help with child development, brain power, memory, confidence, patience, socially and fosters creativity! Throughout life, music is wonderful to express, create, dance, sing, and let out your inner voice! This Playmat is the perfect accompaniment for that! Perfect for the classroom, trips or family room! Powerful Speakers with AUX Support The mat has a built in volume controlled speaker. Additionally, you can plug in a Smartphone or MP3 player, rest it in the built in cradle and play your own tunes through the speaker, while playing along on the mat! Tons of Buttons Press the Record button to record you playing then press Play to hear the playback. Press either of the 2 Demo buttons to hear songs on the either instrument and press Stop at any time to go back to solo ja Control the volume with the Volume + and Volume - buttons For best button results use mat on a flat surface')
(42719, "Kids will enjoy riding on the plastic truck. This pedal ride-on is molded for a sturdy construction that holds up to play. This kids' ride on features sturdy steel axles that will hold up over time. The Ride on is easy to assemble and features a safe design that is tons of fun for small kids with a weight of up to 40 lbs. Get your little ones out riding with this ride-on.  This product is Made in USA.")
(157455, 'kit includes Putty, Hat, Face, Arms 4" W x 4" D x 1 1/2" H Build a Melting witch with Polymer Putty After it Melts; Rebuild it; over and over again. choking hazard small parts, not for kids 3 years and under.')
(129592, 'Beautifully crafted Die cast Motorcycle Model 1:12 scale die cast from Maisto. Great replica in scale. All details are well put together. Great collectible or gift piece. One of the best showcase model for any motorcycle enthusiast.')
(155881, 'These Made in America shovels make great sand shovels for little kids under 7 years of age and are also great for party favors. 24 Mix Orange & Yellow Small Toy Shovels, 7 Inches Tall x 2 3/4 Inch across Shovel Bottom. Plus 24 I Dig You Stickers Shovels make great party favors and many churches use them for giveaways at groundbreakings. Very popular for Valentines Day, Birthday Party Favors, Christmas Favors with small bags of candies tied to them. Use the I Dig You Stickers that come with them or make your own stickers. Make great puppets decorated with faces. If planned use is for a sandbox or beach toy we recommend ages 6 months to 5 years. .')
(127916, 'For kids of all ages, discovering wind energy using the KidWind Firefly is easy, fun and affordable. The Firefly is a small turbine designed to light an LED when placed in the path of wind. Use your Firefly to display how wind can generate electricity! The Firefly is simple to assemble and requires no tools.')
(16304, 'Jet creations giant inflatable T-rex dinosaur model. Bring the dinosaurs back to the classroom giant inflatable dinosaur. Available in 34-inches height. Elementary grade level. Warning: chocking hazard - small parts. Not for children under 3 years. Warning: chocking hazard - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.')
(158025, '!!! This Is Original Handmade sword 3 piece From Chinese. Enter a sword scabbard and red thread , Dragon images, god Guan Yu .for safety Lightweight with an easy to grip antique-Chinese-style , this sword and axe 3 piece is a great costume prop or pirate party decoration,joyful. Not suitable for children under 3 year.Do not put in the mouth.Sold by the each piece.( The buyer is responsible for the import duty on my own) Thank you for buying! product 3 pieces; 1.wooden halberd sword/Size:Long 24.00 inches x Wide 3.00 Inch/Weight:120g 2.wooden Sword with scabbard /Size:Long 23.00 inches x Wide 1.02 Inch/Weight:120g 3.wooden Axe/Size:Long 19.5 inches x Wide 4.00 Inch/Weight:120g')
(103214, "Want to spend time with your child teaching them the game of basketball? The Father Daughter/Son Fun Pack is the perfect starting point if you want to spend more time with your child and teach them how to play basketball. The DVD contains over 2 hours of instruction for the parent and the drills are designed to be fun as well as instructional in nature. Use the Skilcoach Hands basketball so your child will know where their hands go even when you aren't their to correct them. The Dribble Goggles will help develop your childs dribbling skills by helping them keep their head up.")
(28974, "Hasbro is a global company committed to Creating the World's Best Play Experiences, by leveraging its beloved brands, including Littlest Pet Shop, Magic: The Gathering, Monopoly, My Little Pony, Nerf, Play-Doh and Transformers and premier partner brands. From toys and games to television programming, motion pictures, digital gaming and a comprehensive lifestyle licensing program, Hasbro fulfills the fundamental need for play and connection for children and families around the world. The Company's Hasbro Studios creates entertainment brand-driven storytelling across mediums, including television, film and more. Through the company's commitment to corporate social responsibility, including philanthropy, Hasbro is helping to build a safe and sustainable world and to positively impact the lives of millions of children and families every year. Princess Ariel needs to look her best and this set lets you create beautiful royal dresses and jewels out of Play-Doh modeling compound. Use the cutters and rollers to make all kinds of gorgeous gowns and sparkly necklaces. Then mash them up and make even more dazzling looks for Princess Ariel.")
(77382, 'Geoworld has put together this museum quality dinosaur teeth replica collection. This collection consists of 6 teeth from the following dinosaurs: Tyrannosaurus Rex, Triceratops, Albertosaurus, Spinosaurus, Tarbosaurus and Carcharodontosaurus. A must-have collection for any young paleontologist. Recommend for children 6+.')
(213981, 'The Top Race 10 Piece Tool Belt, with Solid Wooden Tools, perfect pretend play tool set for your little one who wants to handle tools just like daddy! The tool belt set is sturdy and adjustable features pockets to hold each tool and Includes kids sized hammer, wrench, pliers, screwdriver, ruler, 2 screws and 2 nuts. Use this tool belt set as a fun and educational way to teach your little builder about tools and their functions, This tool belt is perfect for kids construction play, pretend play, role play, Made from the highest quality wood, responsibly sourced materials and 100% safe, for ages 3+')
(58937, "Design your Littlest Pet Shop world your way! With the Roof With a View pack, you can design a snazzy rooftop hangout for your Minna Swimley and Russell Ferguson pets. They can hang out on their deck chairs while they jam to some tunes, or put some tasty snacks on the grill for an afternoon cookout! With a city view scene backdrop, you and your pets will feel like you're on top of the world!   Now you can take your Littlest Pet Shop collection everywhere you go with the LPS Your World App! It's a fun way for kids to play games with and keep track of their favorite LPS pets. Each Littlest Pet Shop pack includes a code you can scan to bring your pet to life in your virtual world. Just download the app from the App Store or Google Play to your smartphone, then use the app to scan the code and start designing your digital Littlest Pet Shop your way!   Not compatible with prior apps, earlier LPS pets, or current LPS smaller pets. Littlest Pet Shop app works with iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and select Android devices. Check littlestpetshop.com for instructions, availability and compatibility info. In-app purchases available but not required. Available for a limited time. Ask a parent first. Not available in all languages.   Note: Hasbro is only responsible for Hasbro-generated content. Please refer to third party terms and conditions for further information. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and Android are trademarks of Google Inc.   Learn more at www.littlestpetshop.com.   Littlest Pet Shop and all related characters are trademarks of Hasbro. Hasbro is committed to being an ethical and responsible company and is a recognized toy industry leader in the areas of product safety, environmental sustainability, ethical sourcing and philanthropy. For more information about Hasbro's Corporate Social Responsibility efforts visit www.hasbro.com/csr.")
(103802, 'A good party is all about the details. Add that finishing touch to your Winter Wonderland - Shaped Snowflake Holiday Party & Winter Wedding Cut-Outs on high quality card stock. Your guests will appreciate your extra attention to detail and you\'ll be sure to be the "go to party planner" for all of your friend\'s future gatherings.')
(203113, "Monogram's Thor Hammer Deluxe Pewter Lapel Pin makes a great gift for any of your Marvel Fans. Pick one up for yourself or a loved one.")
(31757, 'Adorably comfy and cozy is the best way to describe this complete outfit for 15 inch Bitty Baby dolls created in a soft pink and beige. Wonderful combination of corded fleece overalls, white jersey knit long sleeve tee, soft pink jersey knit and fleece hooded jacket. Detailing includes rolled-up pants legs on the overalls. Jacket features wooden toggle style button closure. Booties included! Also available in Green making these perfect for Bitty Twins! Exclusively made by The Queen\'s Treasures, offering the highest quality 18 inch Doll Furniture, 18 inch Doll Clothes, 18 inch Doll Shoes & 18 inch Doll Accessories! Safety Tested! Adorably comfy and cozy is the best way to describe this complete outfit for 15" Bitty Baby dolls is a soft pink and beige. Wonderful combination of corded fleece overalls, white jersey knit long sleeve tee, soft pink jersey knit and fleece hooded jacket. Detailing includes rolled-up pants legs on the overalls. Jacket features wooden toggle style button closure.')
(118465, 'Write stories of those incredible life-changing adventures using your very own one-of-a-kind Teenage Ninja Mutant Turtles Jumbo GiANT Pen! This JUMBO PEN has all of the TNMT superheroes to keep us safe as long as you "STAY SHARP." It has a clip for attaching to your little one\'s or big one\'s backpack or notebook. Did you know that the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were named after four famous Renaissance Artist (Michaelangelo, Leonardo Davinci, Donatello, and Raphael).')
(68702, 'From the hit video game, Minecraft, come Baby Enderman plush! These Overworld Animal Mobs are fun for all ages! \n\nOfficial Minecraft 3" Toy Action Figure Hanger Blind Package "Randome Style". LOOK FOR ALL 10 STYLES RANDOMLEY INSERTED: STEVE , SKELETON , CREEPER , ZOMBIE PIGMAN , COW , ZOMBIE , SHEEP , PIG , PICKAXE OR SWORD. BRAND NEW OFFICIAL MINECRAFT HANGER FIGURES ARE NOW HERE!!! THESE FIGURES STAND ANYWHERE FROM 3-4 INCHES DEPENDING ON THE CHARACTER. ALL THE CHARACTERS ARMS AND LEGS MOVE AND ARE POSSIBLE. THESE FIGURES CAN BE USED AS A KEYCHAIN , BACKPACK CLIP , BELT CLIP BUDDY , COLLECTIBLE FIGURE OR YOU HANG THEM JUST ABOUT ANYWHERE WITH THERE COOL CLIP. MADE OF HIGH QUALITY P.V.C. PLASTIC MATERIAL. THESE MINECRAFT FIGURES HANGERS ARE VERY HARD TO FIND AND NOT SOLD IN ALL RETAIL STORES, GET YOURS NOW WHILE THERE STILL AVAILIBLE!! FROM THE HIT GAME MINECRAFT. THESE MINECRAFT HANGER FIGURES ARE A MUST HAVE FOR ALL MINECRAFT FANS AND THESE MAKE A GREAT GIFT FOR ANY VIDEO GAME COLLECTOR. LOOK FOR ALL 10 DIFFERENT CHARACTERS AND RARE CHASE FIGURES ON AMAZON!!')
(202522, 'Red Cat Branded Bone Dice Set. Go on and  "Roll The Bones"  the same way ancient Romans and Greeks did thousands of years ago.  These antique style real bone dice are modeled after those used in ancient times. Imagine playing games the same way the Romans, Vikings, Sailors, Colonial People, Mideval times, and Pirates did! Your friends will be envious of these unique and stylish gaming accessories. Bring a true sense of adventure and sophistication to your game play. You\'ll feel and hear the difference in quality over cheap plastic modern dice.   Each set of dice includes a black drawstring velvet dice bag to hold and protect your dice set.  Being handmade each die will be slightly unique and no two will be exactly the same. Each dice measures approx. 7/16" or slightly smaller than modern plastic dice.  Great for all RPGs, Yahtzee, board game, D D Games, Renaissance games and fairs, Pirate games, ace deuce, games of chance, betting games, casino games, or backgammon boards.  .  Many Dungeon Masters and Game Makers buy multiple sets for all their players. Or simply buy one for yourself and one for your very best friend.   Makes a great gift for any player!   Finest handmade quality. Feel the difference and the luxury.  Buy a set with your next Bunco Score Sheet purchase. Great for 5 dice Farkle.    Recommended for children or boys 10 and up.')
(147364, "Level A is the first installation of Calico Spanish Home Learning Series - the number one program to teach Spanish to kids at-home! The best part is because of our unique lesson format and the great resources you'll receive as part of the Home Learning package, you don't need any prior Spanish knowledge to effectively use the program with your children! Intended for use by parents with kids ages 4+ years and older, the easy-to-understand videos, flashcards, charts, activities book, and detailed lesson plans guide you through each level until before you know it, everyone involved is beginning to speak Spanish. *Additional copies of the Activities Book Level A are available for purchase on Amazon* The Home Learning Series takes a child-friendly storytelling approach to deliver lessons. In each level, animal characters interact with each other in a video story, introducing children to the language needed to achieve that lesson's goals. Those video stories are then reinforced by music videos, games, activities and dialogue. In Level A, children are just beginning their language learning, so this level's characters (Pedro the fish and Mara the monkey) help children learn to give basic information about themselves including things like introducing themselves, telling their age, and talking about things they like and like to do. In the context of the stories, they are also introduced to common vocabulary targets like colors, numbers, animals, etc., but always in a communicative context, such as describing something or saying what their favorite color is. Calico Spanish Level A helps to jumpstart your family's language learning journey to See More Smiles, and Hear More Spanish in your home!")
(125810, "The High Bounce Balance Bike is super light yet strong & durable as well. With this Metal balancing bike its simple & easy for any kid to learn how to ride a bike without training wheels. That's the beauty of metal balancing bikes, it's made exceptionally for kids to hold their balance & ride like a pro. This is a sportive, durable & comfortable real bike. Heavy duty rubber hand grips & sturdy solid rubber tires too. The high Bounce Balance Bike also has a launchpad footrest for an easy & smooth ride. It also include STAR & EVA Airless tires, for a safer ride. Adjustable seat from as low as 11'' to as high as 16''. Recommended for ages 2 & up & accommodates up to about 70 LBS. ALWAYS ride a bike with a helmet & protective gear. GREAT gift idea to any little one that wants to start riding their bike without training wheels or for a training wheel graduate!")
(40535, 'Fully assembled plastic model in 1:200 scale, printed (not decaled), in meticulous detail. Made for the real enthusiast! Includes landing gear and display stand. All aircraft come assembled. Model is approximately 14 1/4 Inch long with 15 3/4 inch wingspan.')
(80809, 'This Listing Is A Bundle Of 2 Toys, Baby Einstein Take Along Tunes And Fisher-Price Brilliant Basics Rock-a-Stack\n\nFisher-Price Toy \nA favorite Fisher-Price classic with so many ways for baby to play! Five colorful rings are fun for younger babies to grasp, hold, shake, and explore. The littlest ring has a shiny, reflective surface for baby to discover inside - with colorful, swirling beads that make fun rattle sounds! When baby is ready to sit & stack, baby can place rings on the post, then bat at the wobbly base to make it rock back and forth. Stacking helps baby develop eye-hand coordination, and introduces baby to the concept of relative size as they learn to sort and stack from biggest to smallest!\n\nBaby Einstein Toy\nPromotes music appreciation and auditory development by introducing your little one to baby-friendly versions of classical masterpieces by Mozart, Vivaldi, Chopin and Rossini with the Baby Einstein Takealong Tunes! A large, easy to press button allows your baby to toggle through 7 high quality and enjoyable classical melodies at home, or for on-the-go fun! This baby\'s version of an "MP3 player" has colorful lights that dance across the screen to enhance each entertaining melody and promote visual perception.')
(184004, "Mortician Starter Set (Obulus, Cosset, Graves), by Steam forged Guild Ball Games. This set provides you with all you need to start playing the Mortician's Guild. Morticians' play style is about planning and execution. They control play with a huge amount of influence at their disposal, along with the ability to steal more from their opponent. Their play feels very much like setting traps, triggering the snare and then punishing their opponent. Mid-game is where they really shine  once well laid plans have turned to mush, Morticians can begin to dictate the play. Morticians provide an interesting take on force projection' by making their opponents consider how and where they're going to position models. Morticians will reward players who like to dominate and control the game by playing mind tricks on their opponents. Guild Ball miniatures are sold unassembled and unpainted. WARNING: Not a toy! Not intended for children under 3 years of age.")
(12258, "Great for Kids. Even though this item is smaller than the Schleich's original line, they are definietely not lacking the quality. What makes this item so great is the price. They make them smaller to be able to afford the whole set. This item is not only a toy, but an educational series of hand painted replicas that reveals the prehistoric world. Manufactured from a high quality vinyl (rubber), this extremely realistic piece is hand-painted, with non-toxic paint, for a natural life-like finish.")
(95292, 'Great for Divergnet fans collection')
(114097, 'Package Includes:    Foil Swirl Decorations - 6 Pcs   Foil Swirl Decorations with 7" Cutouts - 3 Pcs   Foil Swirl Decorations with 5" Cutouts - 3 Pcs      WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - SMALL PARTS   NOT FOR CHILDREN UNDER 3 YRS!   ONLY USE WITH ADULT\'S SUPERVISION!')
(95192, "With a sturdy wooden puzzle on one side and a magnetic write-on/wipe-off board on the other - with a marker included - this super versatile playset packs tons and tons of play value into one convenient, carry-along kit. The perfect combination of endless fun and learning, it's a must-have for every child. Kids will love playing with letters, exploring new words, and practicing writing with this all-in-one puzzle and play board! Each colorful letter fits into its magnetic puzzle space with a satisfying snap. They can carry it anywhere, and the pieces will not fall out. When they flip the board over, they'll discover a magnetic write-on/wipe-off board to use with the letters or with the dry-erase marker. With so many ways to use it, kids will never need anything else!")
(93537, "Think you know all there is to know about AMC's The Walking Dead television show? Find out for sure when you put your family and friends to the test with this all-new Trivia Box! Say goodbye to dull science, literature and history trivia and say hello to trivia all about your favorite TV shows, movies and more! There are no difficult rules to follow as players go head-to-head in this knockout style trivia game. Take turns challenging each other to answer fun and interesting questions. Get the answer right and you win a picture card, but get it wrong and the reader wins the card. The first player to collect four picture cards wins the game!")
(161118, 'Mini Geometric Solids Perfect for classroom demonstrations and small group activities the mini 3d shapes geo solids are a wonderful introductory learning resources for kids ages 5 and up. INCLUDES: -8 plastic geometric shapes: sphere, cube, cylinder, pyramid, triangular prism, 2 rectangular prisms and cone. (1.0" - 1.5")')
(92670, "Kids and adults alike enjoy taking the helm of the New Bright Sea Ray Boat Radio Controlled Toy — Red. This big R/C boat has easy-to-control steering and an impressive range. Always use caution with using electronic products on or near water. Frequency: 27 MHz Battery: 6 ''AA'' batteries (not included) Dimensions: 16.7L x 7.2W x 7.8H in.. An impressive and elegant model motorboat. Forward/reverse, left/right steering. Not recommended for kids under 8. Requires 6 ''AA'' batteries (not included).")
(106372, 'This NEW IKEA 7 piece Bowling Physical Play Soft Plush set is great gift for encouraging role play which helps children to develop social skills by imitating grown-ups and inventing their own roles. It is fond of play and mischief. In addition, it is reliable and tested for safety. It is ideal for children of 18 months or older. Product description: Fabric: 100 % polyester Plastic part: Polyethylene Filling: Polyester fiber fill Care instructions: Machine wash, warm 104 F (40C), delicate cycle, do not bleach, iron and dry clean; Tumble dry, low temperature.')
(104308, 'A must for skylander fans! Backpack and lunch bag.')
(122492, "You will love the fine detail award winning Bearington Collection uses to bring Lil' Mopsy, the bunny, to life. Hand crafted using the most luxurious, soft plush and with hand crafted detail, this bunny rabbit is perfect for everyone from the collector to a special child in your life. Huggable and pose-able, Lil' Mopsy will make the perfect companion. Founded in 1997, Bearington is the proud recipient of more distinguished design awards than any other teddy bear company. Over the years, Bearington has received more than 100 industry design awards and nominations which include: 1 Canadian Collectible of the Year Award, 2 NALED Plush of the Year Nominations, 2 CIB Collectors Choice Awards, and several TOBY Industry Choice Awards, TOBY Public Choice Awards, and Golden Teddy Awards and Nominations. Ages 3 and up.")
(118502, 'Bigtime Kustoms 1972 Datsun 240Z 1:24 Scale in Red, made by Jada. \n  \n Features: \n  1:24 scale die-cast metal with plastic \n  Authentic detailed \n  Openable Doors, hood and trunk \n  Wheels roll \n  Official Licensed Product \n  Not suitable for children under 8 years old')
(115534, 'Perfect travel accessory for your little one. Bright colors makes it easy to identify. Can be placed on luggage, book bags, or anywhere identity may be important.')
(111155, 'Fine, high quality plush fabric stuffed sleeping lamb animal toy. Super soft using soft filler only for baby, toddler, young or older children - anyone who loves to cuddle softness. Everyone loves this adorable stuffed animal baby lamb made of eco-friendly fabric. Extreme softness and durability. Your satisfaction is our guarantee. Scroll back to top and hit ADD TO CART!')
(170073, 'Super fun 8.5" bowling set for the kids and family. Solid quality for value price. Package Includes: 10 colorful pins and 2 bowling balls.')
(198312, 'Make amazing drawings anywhere with these stencils packaged and ready to go along with you. These durable plastic stencils can be used again and again to dress up your drawings! 1, 100 Sheet Scratch Pad, approximately 5 x 8 1 Set of Colored Pencils in 4 colors 4 Zoo Animal Stencils, exact stencils may vary, approximately 5 x 5 Canvas storage pouch for easy storage and travel, approximately 7 x 10 Recommended for children 5 and up.')
(206883, 'Your favorite characters from Captain America 3: Civil War are now cute little collectible vinyl figures! This Steve Rodgers Dorbz vinyl figure stands about 3-inches tall and comes packaged in a double-sided window display box. Perfect for any Marvel fan! Collect and display all Captain America 3: Civil War Dorbz figures from Funko!.')
(190653, 'Features: Made of wood, safe and non-toxic material.Pretty and firmly after assembled. No tools such as siccisor, Knife or glue needed.It is good for children developing their thinking skill and logic sense. Simply push the pieces out of the pre-C.jpgutted board with your fingers, sand if necessary.Instruction manual comes with picture helps assembly process easy and interesting. Great gift for kids above 7 years old. WARNING: Choking hazard_small parts. Not for children under 3 years Specifications: Material: Wood Assembled Size: Approximate 160mm*150mm*150mm (6.3"*5.9"*5.9") Color: As the picture shown Notice: The measurement may have 1-3cm (0.39-0.79inch) inaccurate errors for different types of products. There might be slight colour deviation due to different displays. Package includes: 1 * 3D Jigsaw Puzzle')
(206796, 'Schloss Neuschwanstein Germany Neuschwanstein Castle (New Swan Stone Castle) Micro Block Building Set (550 pcs)    - Micro Blocks Architecture Series: Schloss Neuschwanstein, Neuschwanstein Castle (New Swan Stone Castle) in Bavaria, Germany (550 pcs)   - Collect, Build and Display World Famous Building in your home   - Wonderful recreation activity, Perfect gift for ages 8 years and up   - Great details with assorted sizes and color pieces   - Include detailed step-by-step color instructions   - Non-toxic and Non-corrosive material, Smooth surface and Rounded corners for kids safe   - Foster imaginative and creative play, Induce cognitive skills   - Develop better motor skills, hand eye coordination and spatial awareness ')
(181094, "Springbok Lion King 100 Piece Jigsaw Puzzle What could be more regal than a Lion King, our 100 piece jigsaw puzzle. This dignified lion sitting in repose is full of tiny details and color, it will provide a fun challenge for any young Springbok fan. Springbok has been a leading name in the puzzle world since 1963. We have focused on the qualities that give Springbok its reputation: originality, innovation and superior quality. As one of the few puzzle manufacturers that makes puzzles exclusively in the U.S.A., we take pride in the superior quality of our puzzles. The quality of our dies and above average thickness of our chipboards ensures the interlocking pieces will come together flawlessly multiple times. As one of the only puzzle manufacturers to own patented puzzle dies, our products are always original. Whether it's our 400 piece Family Puzzles, or one of our stunning landscapes, no two puzzles, or pieces, are alike. Producing only 25 new puzzles a year is one of the ways we guarantee that our new puzzles do not fall short of the exacting Springbok standards. Materials: Recycled Chip Board & Organic Soy Based Ink Lithography.")
(17114, 'Arabesque, anyone? Les Chiries? Chloe Ballerina is recital-ready in a leotard, tutu, tights and pink slippers with ribbon laces. She has an all-vinyl body, moving eyes and long rooted hair that can be worn down or styled up - it can even be shampooed! Blue eyes. Doll measures 13" tall. Corolle\'s Les Cheries Chloe Ballerina Doll is a darling toy for girls who like to style their dolls. Not only does Chloe look pretty in her removable pink ballet attire, but her versatile mane can be shampooed and groomed into endless hairstyles. Designed for ages 4 and up, this award-winning toy will inspire your daughter\'s ballet en pointe and demi-plies while speaking to her inner, budding stylist.             Les Cheries Chloe Ballerina Doll   Ages:  4 years and up     What We Think   Fun factor:     Durability:     Ease of assembly:     Educational factor:     Novelty factor:     The Good:  Versatile hair gives this doll another dimension of fun and playability   The Challenging:  Small pieces, like the headband and slippers, are easy to misplace   In a Nutshell:  A graceful addition to your daughter\'s cast of toys                  Chloe looks adorable in her tulle tutu, fishnet leotard, and precious ballet slippers.        Pretty in Pink  Chloe is a brunette ballerina with a head of thick, rooted hair and blue grey blinking eyes. She stands at 13 inches tall and has an easy to maintain all-vinyl and poseable body. Like real-life ballerina girls, her form is smooth and soft-edged, yet rigid enough to withstand the pirouettes and side leaps of your girl\'s imaginative play. Chloe is outfitted in a delicate yet durable pink outfit that includes a sparkly headband, satiny body suit, tulle tutu, fishnet leotard, and precious lace-up ballet slippers. From the Backstage to Center Stage  Chloe will be ready for the recital after you pull her out of the box and remove the protective elastic bands from her hair. This ballerina\'s finely detailed outfit is well constructed and machine washable for easy cleaning. The tulle skirt fastens with a simple Velcro tab. The ballet slippers come attached to Chloe\'s body suit by threads that you can cut off when you\'re ready to change Chloe or wash her outfit. As with all toys for preschool-aged children, you\'ll want to snip excess threads yourself and dispose of the elastic bands before handing Chloe over to her stylist and dancing partner.   From Ballerina Bun to Blow Out  One of Chloe\'s most interactive features is her ready-to-style hair. Your girl has options in addition to brushing, braiding, or piling this ballerina\'s mane into a traditional bun. Chloe\'s vibrant hair can be shampooed, rinsed, and blow-dried, and can take curling or straightening irons on low settings. Styling Chloe\'s hair is a fun way for your child to experiment and gives you an opportunity to teach her some lessons in grooming and caring for her own hair. An Oppenheim Toy Award Winner  Corolle\'s Les Cheries Chloe Ballerina Doll is the winner of a Best Toy Award from Oppenheim Toy Portfolio, an independent consumer review group of children\'s media. Created by mother-daughter child development experts Joanne and Stephanie Oppenheimer, this media review group bestows Platinum Awards to the most engaging and innovative children\'s products each year. What\'s in the Box  One 13-inch doll with ballerina outfit. ')
(143726, 'Welcome TO Our Store!!! \n  \n There are many kind of different design pillowcase offered for you,all the product are comfortable and 100% Brand New. \n  \n Suitable for indoor(home or office)/outdoor use. \n  \n Easy for cleaning. \n  \n The items can also be perfect gift for your friend and families. \n  \n Have a good shopping time!')
